18:12 <@meskarune> ok I'm gonna start I guess, for new people, the riseup pad is available for everyone to help take notes during the meeting: https://pad.riseup.net/p/archwomen-may-meeting
18:12 < phrik> Title: Riseup Pad (at pad.riseup.net)
18:12 <@meskarune> And the meeting agenda is here: https://archwomen.org/wiki/meetings:2016_may
18:12 < phrik> Title: 48th IRC Meeting [Arch Women Wiki] (at archwomen.org)
18:12 <@meskarune> ==== Meeting Starts ====
18:12 <@meskarune> First announcements, summer is coming up and there will be an increase in trolling, please let the OPs know if you see anything :)
18:13 <@meskarune> kk next, classroom
18:14 <@meskarune> idk if polyzen is around?
18:14 <@meskarune> if not I can ask again in a bit :O
18:15 <@meskarune> So server things, I've been working on a rewrite of the site in python that uses markdown files: https://github.com/archwomen/flask-website
18:15 < phrik> Title: GitHub - archwomen/flask-website: Website Built with Flask (at github.com)
18:15 < halosghost> [polyzen] is away: AFK
18:15 <@meskarune> It would make contributes easier/fast for people
18:15 <@meskarune> halosghost: thanks
18:15 < halosghost> :)
18:15 <@meskarune> I think we can still maybe set a soft date for the class in 2 months
18:15 < fsckd> sounds good
18:15 <@meskarune> and move it up if things progress, the planning is pretty well done,so there are some admin things to do
18:16 <@meskarune> Anyways, if people have suggestions for the site or wanna contribute code please feel free, even if you are new to programming
18:16 <@meskarune> we can always help you learn
18:16 < speak> meskarune: Flask is awesome :) (just started using it)
18:16 <@meskarune> yeah, I really like it :D
18:17 <+tigrmesh> hi.  i'm sorry i'm late.  and i'll probably have to leave early.  an elderly neighbor fell, and they think they might need for her to go to the emergency room.  they'll let me know in a while
18:17 < polyzen> hi hi
18:17 < polyzen> 2 months sounds good
18:17 < alad> tigrmesh: D:
18:18 <@meskarune> http://dev.doloresportalatin.info:5000/
18:18 < phrik> Title: Arch Linux Women | Home (at dev.doloresportalatin.info:5000)
18:18 <@meskarune> quick live demo
18:18 < alad> meskarune: spot the 10 differences? :P
18:18 <@meskarune> There is syntax highligting in the about page as a test
18:18 <@meskarune> alad: lol
18:18 <+tigrmesh> pretty
18:19  * polyzen thought it was in production already :p
18:19 <@meskarune> haha
18:19 <@meskarune> not yet :)
18:19 < alad> oh, that syntax stuff is fancy
18:19 <@meskarune> I need to write an rss feed parser thing
18:19 <@meskarune> alad: its pygments :D
18:20 < speak> I might be able to help with Flask related stuff if specific questions pop up, even if I don't have time to properly contribute
18:20 <+tigrmesh> woo!  """Test code for syntax highlighting!"""
18:20 < alad> meskarune: also I'd say the bigger font is an improvement
18:20 <@meskarune> that would be great speak, thank you. I can always use a person to pick at their brain :)
18:20 < alad> meskarune: though I'd perhaps go with something inbetween the old site and this
18:20 <@meskarune> alad: it also has a fancy new mobile menu :)
18:21 < speak> I've just done sqlalchemy / login kinda stuff, basic but useful!
18:21 <@meskarune> if you make the site small or look at it on mobile
18:21 < speak> Cool meskarune 
18:21 <@meskarune> right now it is a bit slow, but in production we would have a cache
18:21 < alad> meskarune: actually I forgot my browser has a zoom button -_-'
18:21 <@meskarune> so that it is faster
18:21 <@meskarune> hehe
18:22 < polyzen> https://ptpb.pw/synY.png
18:23 < polyzen> i don't think people use devices that small
18:23 < polyzen> :p
18:23 < polyzen> aligns properly in 360x640
18:24 <@meskarune> hehe
18:24 <@meskarune> but if they do, the site is still usable lmao
18:24 <@meskarune> ok git class :D
18:25 <@meskarune> thanks for being here polyzen :D
18:25 < alad> um, I still had one question on the https://archwomen.org site if that's ok
18:25 < phrik> Title: Arch Linux Women (at archwomen.org)
18:26 < fsckd> alad: sure, go ahead :)
18:27 < alad> https://ptpb.pw/cuhI.png
18:27 < alad> "Insecure information on this page has been blocked"
18:27 <@meskarune> alad: oh sure
18:27 <@meskarune> alad: its still in dev atm
18:28 < alad> oh, ok
18:28 <@meskarune> oh archwomen.org is the live homepage, do you know what is inssecure?
18:28 <@meskarune> does your browser allow you to list things?
18:29 <@meskarune> well, maybe I can open a bug report and investigate more after the meeting ;)
18:29 <@meskarune> thanks alad 
18:30 < alad> meskarune: gstatic apparently https://www.whynopadlock.com/check.php
18:31 < phrik> Title: Why No Padlock? - Why is my SSL web page insecure? Find the culprit! (at www.whynopadlock.com)
18:31 <@meskarune> aw, thank you
18:31 < alad> hope it helps
18:32 <@meskarune> alad: it does, and the new site actually removes all that :)
18:32 <@meskarune> I think I will make a push to replace soonish
18:32 <@meskarune> since its mostly done
18:32 < alad> \o/
18:33 <@meskarune> ‚ù§ 
18:33 <@meskarune> ok, git class \o/
18:34 <@meskarune> polyzen: I was thinking we could create test git repos this month on AW's servers or whatever server would work
18:34 <@meskarune> and set a date 2 months from now for the class
18:34 <@meskarune> and then make a push to finish up the class plan/agenda or whatever
18:36 <@meskarune> maybe we can use the dev.archwomen.org server
18:36 <@meskarune> or github
18:36 <@meskarune> maybe we could also demo creating and adding something to the AUR
18:37 < polyzen> hmm
18:39 < alad> I'd like to suggest to reduce our use of github, because of its proprietary nature and general tendency to attract trolls
18:40 < polyzen> last time someone brought up not wanting to use github as that being third-party or w/e
18:40 < alad> k
18:40 < polyzen> going to assume that if they don't know git basics, they don't have a github account :p
18:41 < polyzen> not sure how difficult it'd be to add a user for each person
18:41 < polyzen> on AW's server
18:41 < alad> polyzen: but for git basics you can do stuff locally?
18:41 < alad> not sure it has to be remote right away
18:41 < polyzen> right
18:41 <@meskarune> I was thinking we could have a git user for people to use
18:41 <@meskarune> and either set a temp password for the class, or have people give us keys
18:42 <@meskarune> the test repos will be removed probably a few days after the class
18:42 <@meskarune> and could always use a chroot or something for security
18:43 < polyzen> alad, i think push/pull should be included
18:43 <@meskarune> polyzen: aw has gitolite. Its possible that we could maybe ask people to sign up to the class with a user and key
18:43 <@meskarune> and then add them all before the class date
18:43 < polyzen> sgtm
18:43 <@meskarune> then we just add public keys and users and people would have access to test as much as they like
18:45 < polyzen> hard to think of a good aur example as everyone uses it differently
18:46 < alad> maybe AUR is a bit too complicated, as you then have to pull in decent packaging practices
18:46 < speak> Yeah git is complicated enough as it is :)
18:46 <@meskarune> I was thinking of just doing an icon theme from gnome look :P
18:46 <@meskarune> something basic lol
18:47 < polyzen> !ddg gnome look
18:47 < phrik> https://duckduckgo.com/html/?q=gnome%20look
18:47 < fsckd> that might be a lot for one class
18:47 <@meskarune> how to git clone from AUR, add a basic package build and then push
18:47 < fsckd> you need an aur account to push
18:47 < fsckd> may be mention how but having everyone do it might be harder
18:48 <@meskarune> I know, I could use mine, or maybe make one of those magic terminal video things
18:48 < fsckd> that's an idea
18:48 < polyzen> basically all of my pkgbuild's are in one repo, separated by branches
18:48 <@meskarune> oh, I was thinking to just have one person do it help other people can see how it goes
18:48 <@meskarune> it would take a very short time
18:48 < fsckd> magic terminal video :D
18:49 < fsckd> that pb thing halosghost did
18:49 < polyzen> pbpst?
18:49 <@meskarune> https://asciinema.org/
18:49 < phrik> Title: asciinema - Record and share your terminal sessions, the right way (at asciinema.org)
18:49 <@meskarune> that, and pb supports it :)
18:49 < fsckd> polyzen: ahh, pb can host some terminal playback thing. it is cool.
18:49 <@meskarune> so someone can record a simple AUR git clone/push
18:49 <@meskarune> just as an example
18:49 < polyzen> fsckd, i think you mean https://ptpb.pw/r
18:49 < fsckd> yeah asciinema
18:50 < fsckd> polyzen: no... what meskarune linked to
18:50 < polyzen> ah
18:50 < polyzen> that's not related to pb nor hg :p
18:50 < polyzen> hence muh confuse
18:50 < fsckd> polyzen: pb can render it
18:51 < fsckd> polyzen: eh, host it
18:51 < polyzen> o.O
18:51 < halosghost> polyzen: /t actually
18:51 < fsckd> polyzen: and halosghost was the one who showed me which is why i mentioned him
18:51 < polyzen> status: not found
18:51 < halosghost> polyzen: give me a sec
18:52 < polyzen> nice
18:52 <@meskarune> I think we could demo a few git things using that
18:52 <@meskarune> it would be faster than explaining I think
18:52 < halosghost> polyzen: https://ptpb.pw/t/ahWL
18:52 < phrik> Title: pb (at ptpb.pw)
18:52 < alad> asciinema is dope
18:53 < fsckd> magic terminal video \o/
18:53 < polyzen> /o/
18:53 < fsckd> \o\
18:53 < alad> /o\
18:53 < polyzen> dope indeed
18:53 < halosghost> polyzen: if you use pbpst, -S has learned -t (which works like -r, but for files made with asiinema)
18:54 < alad> fancy
18:55 < polyzen> so what does -r do? :p
18:57  * polyzen got the idea to use one repo with a pkgbuild-per-branch from demize
18:57 < polyzen> not sure if anyone else does that
18:57 < fsckd> cool
18:57 < polyzen> too "complex" for this imo
18:58 <@meskarune> ok, so maybe we can make a todo for this month
18:58 <@meskarune> create the test repos, and create a signup for people and help them to make keys if they don't know how
18:58 <@meskarune> then maybe a week before the class or so we can add all the users
18:59 <+tigrmesh> i'm sure fsckd has probably already created a wiki page about how to make keys
18:59 <@meskarune> yeah, there are lots of good guides about doing that
18:59 < polyzen> too many :p
18:59 <@meskarune> haha
19:00 <@meskarune> we can pick a good one to link people to :)
19:00 <+tigrmesh> i mean on the archwomen wiki
19:00 <+tigrmesh> he's awesome at documenting things
19:00  * fsckd blushes
19:00 < fsckd> i'm not sure i did for this
19:00 <+tigrmesh> ah
19:00 < fsckd> may be for gitolite?
19:00 <+tigrmesh> ok
19:01 < polyzen> doesn't ssh-keygen instruct you along the way?
19:01 <@meskarune> polyzen: yeah :)
19:01 <@meskarune> its not too hard to do
19:01 <+tigrmesh> before meeting and after meeting checklists, fsckd 
19:01 <@meskarune> just new users are new users heh
19:01 < fsckd> tigrmesh: i try :)
19:01 <+tigrmesh> :)
19:02 < fsckd> tigrmesh: i have lots of stuff i want to add to the wiki but they are in vim swap files left over from crashes
19:02 <+tigrmesh> dang
19:02 < polyzen> meskarune, perhaps one could be picked if someone mentions having troubles making one?
19:02 < fsckd> tigrmesh: haven't had time to go through them. may be this month.
19:02 <@meskarune> yeah, or we could make a simple one
19:02 <+tigrmesh> k  :)
19:03 <@meskarune> basically, how to make a key, where are public keys saved, and how to get the key to share with others
19:03  * polyzen prefers to link to upstream as opposed to duplicating info
19:03 <@meskarune> totally
19:03 <@meskarune> so lets do that, and link to creating keys on the class signup
19:04 <@meskarune> maybe we can put that on the arch wiki under classroom
19:04 <+tigrmesh> link to good docs
19:04 <@meskarune> and people can add themselves to a list, or ask some of us to add them
19:04 <@meskarune> yeah
19:04 < polyzen> or perhaps route them here
19:04 <@meskarune> yeah totally
19:05 <@meskarune> and then we advertise the hell out of it so people sign up before hand
19:05 <@meskarune> :)
19:05 <@meskarune> polyzen: with the class planning, id the teaching topics mostly hashed out?
19:06 <@meskarune> I think for the git class page on the arch wiki we can add links to more resources like ebooks on git and tutorials and things
19:06 < polyzen> not really. mostly barfed out
19:06 <@meskarune> haha
19:06 <@meskarune> I can organize it more
19:06 < polyzen> probably missing something/s. needs a bit more organization
19:06 <@meskarune> probably the best way to learn git is to use it
19:06 <@meskarune> polyzen: do you think that would be done in ~2 months?
19:06 < polyzen> sure
19:07 <@meskarune> so maybe we can set a soft date for the class
19:07 <@meskarune> in july
19:09 <@meskarune> polyzen: do know what your schedule will be like?
19:10 < polyzen> i do not
19:10 <@meskarune> oh ok, well, do you prefer afternoon or evening and weekdays or weekends? :)
19:10 <@meskarune> maybe I could set like, july 16th, its a saturady
19:11 < polyzen> sgtm :p
19:11 <@meskarune> just a softdate and we can reschedule 
19:11 <@meskarune> sooner if we get things done really fast, or later if we need
19:11 <@meskarune> kk awesome
19:12 < polyzen> probably push it up if there is enough interest. that might cause issues, though
19:12 <@meskarune> its 2 months out now, so I think that gives us some time/wiggle room
19:12 < polyzen> si
19:12 <@meskarune> maybe I can teach a class on git myself after doing the one with you :)
19:13 < polyzen> the more the merrier
19:13 <@meskarune> I am not really super strong with git, at least some of the more esoteric things
19:13 <@meskarune> so if we push the date up and have a class we could do july 16th too as a second round
19:13 <@meskarune> I want to see us regularly do git classes and pkgbuild classes
19:14 < jy2wong> ++
19:14 <@meskarune> those are both super relevant to getting people to contribute
19:14 < polyzen> train people in the way of the ARch
19:14 <@meskarune> for the git classes we can recruit some students from linux chix, ubuntu women, etc
19:15 <@meskarune> make sure they know we have female mods in channel and that it is a fine enviroment for them
19:15 < jy2wong> sorry if it was linked to earlier. have a link to the got classroom materials?
19:15 < polyzen> https://pad.riseup.net/p/archlinux-git-class
19:15 < phrik> Title: Riseup Pad (at pad.riseup.net)
19:16 < polyzen> do any of you use asp
19:16 <@meskarune> I do not 
19:16 < alad> dreisner's thing?
19:17 < polyzen> yes
19:17 < alad> yes, I do
19:17 < alad> btw, there's git.archlinux.org now
19:17 < jy2wong> what level is this classroom aimed at?
19:18 < polyzen> Git Basics/Crash-Course
19:18 <@meskarune> yeah, its to get people started
19:19 < alad> man git-tutorial, git-tutorial-2
19:19 <@meskarune> sorta a workshop/intro type of thing, and then we can link extra resources
19:19 < alad> should def by linked to :)
19:19 < polyzen> maybe pick a few exercises and put up a poll to choose one
19:19 < alad> s/by/be
19:19 < polyzen> alad, did not know those were things :p
19:19 <@meskarune> I really think that once people get the basics of git they can run with it
19:19 <@meskarune> its just getting started that can be hard
19:19 < alad> polyzen: git upstream docs is some of the best I've seen :)
19:19 < jy2wong> suggestion: take the time to explain why you need to add and commit changes in different steps
19:20 <@meskarune> maybe after the meeting we can work more on the git class content :)
19:21 < jy2wong> okay :)
19:21 <@meskarune> we now have a list of todo's to get done 
19:21 <@meskarune> \o/
19:21 < fsckd> Yay
19:21 < polyzen> jy2wong, noted
19:22 < alad> also, make the importance of good commit messages clear right away
19:22 < polyzen> alad, thinking of adding excerpts of http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html
19:22 < phrik> Title: tbaggery - A Note About Git Commit Messages (at tbaggery.com)
19:22 <@meskarune> ++
19:23 <@meskarune> sounds good to me
19:23 < polyzen> or add that as a pre-requisite ;p
19:23 < polyzen> probably not
19:23 < alad> polyzen: well, that makes the technical parts clear, but it doesn't tell you on how to write the actual content :)
19:23 < polyzen> (do they even know what a commit is? :p)
19:23 < alad> "More detailed explanatory text, if necessary."
19:23 < alad> could use some expanding on
19:24 < alad> I mean not "Good Technical Writing 101"
19:24 < alad> but just some general tips
19:24 < polyzen> hmm
19:24 < polyzen> not sure how to accomplish that, but will think about it
19:27 <@meskarune> sounds good to me
19:27 < alad> wfm
19:27 <@meskarune> ok, I'm going to move to the next item on the agenda :)
19:27 < polyzen> :)
19:27 <@meskarune> pre-emtively banning people
19:28 <@meskarune> this would be an official additional to the arch women irc rules
19:28 <@meskarune> to make it clear for new people that if they are being toxic in other places they can be banned here
19:28 < alad> I'd vote to include bans from the archwiki ‚Äì people are pretty rare to be banned there (maybe 1-3 a year), but when it happens, it's for bad offenses
19:29 <@meskarune> ok
19:29 <@meskarune> we already have a private watch list the mods use to keep track of previous bans and trolls from other communities
19:29 <@meskarune> I think the past we have mostly waited to ban until someone actually trolls here
19:30 < fsckd> We've preemptively banned in here.
19:30 < alad> if you do a pre-emptive ban, how do you make sure to "connect" the accounts ?
19:30 < alad> I mean, find out the right account for the troll
19:30 <@meskarune> fsckd: yeah, but there are also times when we haven't for edge cases
19:30 <@meskarune> I think the times where we did, the person was REALLY bad in other parts of the community
19:30 < alad> this assumes the troll hasn't been active in the channel yet
19:31 < fsckd> Yes
19:31 <@meskarune> alad: right now we have a private document that the irc ops use
19:31 <@meskarune> for trolls we can put known nicks/emails/domains or whatever
19:31 <@meskarune> and group associations
19:32 <@meskarune> it helps to keep up with all the trolls long term, we get a lot of them here
19:32 < alad> oh, ok
19:32 < polyzen> ircops or #a-w ops?
19:32 <@meskarune> aw
19:32 < alad> maybe both should coordinate
19:32 <@meskarune> I don't know how arch linux keeps track of their bans
19:32 < alad> if they don't already
19:32 <@meskarune> tigrmesh is an op in both
19:32 < alad> polyzen: I read that IR cops
19:32 < fsckd> alad: buhman is banned in here preemptively.
19:33 < alad> right
19:33 < polyzen> why? o.O
19:33 < polyzen> and lol alad
19:33 < fsckd> As are some other trolls.
19:34 < polyzen> why? fsckd | alad: buhman is banned in here preemptively.
19:34 < polyzen> he's trolled here? o.O
19:34 < polyzen> he's a troll..?
19:34 < fsckd> He hasn't been in here.
19:34 < polyzen> wat
19:34 < fsckd> He was banned in the main channel. On advice of the ops of main channel we banned him here.
19:35 < polyzen> he's no longer banned there
19:35 < fsckd> Here is banned from classroom for trolling in classroom.
19:35 < polyzen> and i don't see why any op/s would suggest banning him here xD
19:35 < polyzen> ah
19:36 < fsckd> polyzen: They dif and it was done.
19:36 < polyzen> he is a dick or whatever term you'd prefer, but not a troll afaik
19:36 < fsckd> did*
19:36 < polyzen> didn't say they didn't
19:36 < polyzen> :p
19:36 < alad> polyzen: I prefer the term "douchebag"
19:36 < polyzen> ..though i could see him trolling -classroom
19:36 < polyzen> :p
19:36 < alad> polyzen: anyway, back to to meeting matters, k
19:37 < polyzen> this concerns pre-emptive bans
19:38 < fsckd> What matters is how much we trust the person not to cause problems.
19:38 < polyzen> preemptive*
19:38 <@meskarune> polyzen: he was intentionally causing trouble in -classroom instead of being helpful, and has said things I don't think people here would appreciate
19:38 <@meskarune> but I've worked with him on some projects too
19:38 < polyzen> just silly to hold a ban for someone who would never join here
19:38 <@meskarune> just, there are time/place for that lol
19:39 <@meskarune> polyzen: idk, we both worked at the same company and lived in the same town
19:39 <@meskarune> its possible he might 
19:39 <@meskarune> but anyways, its not like it hurts anything if he doesn't decide to ever join
19:39 < polyzen> did not know that
19:39 < speak> Anyway I don't get why the long discussion. He's an arse; he's banned; all is well.
19:39 < speak> Next subject! :P
19:39 <@meskarune> haha yeah
19:39 < fsckd> Haha
19:39 < polyzen> heh
19:39 < alad> speak: +1
19:40 <@meskarune> so I guess adding the preemptive ban rule is yay
19:40 <@meskarune> and I will add a list of criteria to it
19:40 < polyzen> seems like it needs some fine-tuning first
19:40 <@meskarune> its not like we will just ban arbitrarily
19:40 <@meskarune> like, if someone is being very racist/sexist and causing issues in other arch linux channels then it seems prudent to ban
19:41 < speak> polyzen: I think you're the only one who has any issues with it, and I'm not even sure what your issue is
19:41 < polyzen> i have no issues with it
19:41 < polyzen>    polyzen | ircops or #a-w ops?
19:41 < polyzen> @meskarune | aw
19:41 < polyzen>       alad | maybe both should cood so many :p
19:43 < fsckd> Yup
19:44 < fsckd> What we saw recently is someone trolling on a number of channels but still allowed in one channel.
19:45 < fsckd> The ops were informed of y the toxicity but the still were like, not our problem.
19:45 <@meskarune> polyzen: basically, if they join here and have social media with racist stuff, we would ban even if they haven't trolled directly in channel, and if someone is really bad in the other arch channels and gets banned we would have to decide if we want to ban here too
19:45 < polyzen> fsckd, and then?
19:45 < polyzen> the troll joined their channel?
19:45 <@meskarune> thats another issue
19:45 < fsckd> The troll was already in their channel.
19:45 <@meskarune> polyzen: if you like, you can help with the rule write up
19:46 <@meskarune> I will probably put it in an etherpad and post here for anyone to help with edits
19:46 < polyzen> fsckd, that's just dumb lol
19:46 < polyzen> !define preemptive
19:46 <@meskarune> I just want to make it clear so that people realize their actions in other places have an effect here
19:46 < phrik> polyzen: gcide: Preemptive \Pre*["e]mp"tive\, a. Of or pertaining to pre["e]mption; having power to pre["e]mpt; pre["e]mpting. [1913 Webster]; wn: preemptive adj 1: designed or having the power to deter or prevent an anticipated situation or occurrence; "a preemptive business offer" [syn: {preemptive}, {pre-emptive}]
19:46 < polyzen> i figured that meant banning before they even joined
19:46 <@meskarune> polyzen: no, just banning before they cause trouble
19:47 <@meskarune> I hope that makes sense
19:47 < polyzen> it does
19:47 < fsckd> Sorry for confusing you.
19:47 <@meskarune> we won't just ban willy nilly, we'll define it in the irc rule
19:48 <@meskarune> so if a person has a ton of twitter posts that are racist they would be banned here even if they aren't trolling here and just lurking
19:48 <@meskarune> I think that would prevent issues in the future
19:48 < polyzen> pretty sure that's already enforced, so just writing the rule up
19:48 <@meskarune> of course we don't research every person in channel, but if it gets pointed out then we would take action
19:49 <@meskarune> polyzen: yeah, basically, so people don't think its ok to make rape jokes in -offtopic and hang out here also
19:49  * MarkDude is hoping we can get someone to volunteer to help with cannibal troll efforts, there are some limits to what can be done. But for other projects, showing causality will help. (PM me if interested.)
19:49 < polyzen> meskarune, gotcha
19:49 < polyzen> MarkDude, what does that even mean :p
19:50 < alad> ^
19:50 < MarkDude> Thats about as much as I can say in public, but these folks are treating as a game
19:50 < fsckd> If a person in this channel is raiding other channels but sweet as a pea here, well still ban them.
19:50 < MarkDude> And they can use rules of channel to hide so to speak
19:50 < MarkDude> They use some to recruit
19:50 < fsckd> polyzen: coordinate
19:51 < polyzen> fsckd, wat
19:51 < fsckd> cannibal
19:51 < MarkDude> fsckd: I agree. But for other places in FOSS, they have differing policies. Using sunlight as disinfectant should help
19:51 <@meskarune> lol, ok, I'm gonna move to the next thing since this one has been decied :P
19:51 < speak> Yes please
19:51  * MarkDude is done
19:51 < MarkDude> :)
19:51 <@meskarune> ‚ù§ 
19:52 < polyzen> how does cannibal trolling mean coordinated trolling o_o
19:52 < polyzen> should it mean they go after each other
19:52 < polyzen> shouldn't*
19:52 < MarkDude> We waste their time
19:52 < Mark < ng0> mostly I gather this time it's about trolls and cordination with other projects?
20:05 <@meskarune> yeah :)
20:05 < fsckd> I know we spoke with UW folks about coordination. They were fairly receptive.
20:06 < fsckd> Has anyone spoken with Linux Chix?
20:09 <@meskarune> we spoke with them before about sharing mentors
20:09 <@meskarune> I think we need to decide how to setup the mentor program for people to sign up
20:10 <@meskarune> we have also been in contact with fedora
20:10 <@meskarune> MarkDude is part of them
20:13 <@meskarune> so I think maybe we should get a list of contacts so have have people who we know to talk to in each project
20:14 <@meskarune> and then I've been hanging out in various project channels
20:14 <@meskarune> So last thing in the meeting, I was wondering what the current policy is in arch linux for removing community members
20:14 <@meskarune> or if there was even a policy that currently exists, and if that could be documented on the wiki or whatever
20:15 < fsckd> what do you mean by community members?
20:15 <@meskarune> like say, a dev or TU is being abusive
20:15 <@meskarune> or an IRC OP or whatever
20:15 < alad> I thought positions like that were pretty much permanent
20:16 <@meskarune> just to be clear, I am not saying there is currently a problem
20:16 <@meskarune> I am just wondering for reference
20:16 < ng0> maybe an unwritten policy exists, like some policies in torproject
20:16 < alad> meskarune: fwiw, in archwiki, if an administrators goes against the forum etiquette or contribution guidelines, he's first warned, then his admin title removed, then banned
20:16 <@meskarune> oh ok
20:17 <@meskarune> do you guys have abuse reporting in place, like would people email the admins or whatever?
20:17 < alad> also if you start using a different account, without making this very clear, you're verly likely to lose your admin rights too
20:17 < alad> meskarune: yeah, write a mail to an active admin
20:17 < alad> meskarune: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/ArchWiki:Administrators
20:17 <@meskarune> I sorta want to make an arch wiki page called something like, "reporting abuse or reporting issues with guildlines" or whatever
20:17 < phrik> Title: ArchWiki:Administrators - ArchWiki (at wiki.archlinux.org)
20:18 <@meskarune> and then have information for the wiki, irc, the forums, etc all in one place
20:18 < fsckd> There's an email to contact if a forum moderator or admin is abusive. It is documented in the Forum Etiquette.
20:18 < fsckd> Also can email another moderator directly.
20:18 <@meskarune> yeah, but I think having a wiki page with all the infos together would be good
20:18 < fsckd> Yes.
20:18 < fsckd> I agree.
20:19 < MarkDude> +1
20:19 <@meskarune> people should be away such things exist and how to use them
20:19 < MarkDude> The trolls are coordinating, we should too
20:19 < alad> meskarune: that should be coordinated with the IRC ops and forum admins where possible
20:20 < alad> but I agree on having stuff in one place
20:21 < MarkDude> We also have to be mindful of picking our battles- trolls like to focus on perceived gray areas.
20:22 < fsckd> The fragmentary nature of the Arch community means information is scattered. Having a single place is more accessible.
20:22 < fsckd> MarkDude: very true
20:22 < MarkDude> Micro-aggressions are real, but, to much focus on them could take away form things. To me its dividing things into felony and misdemeanor 
20:23 < MarkDude> focus on felony type things
20:23 < MarkDude> (This is how laws are in US.) 
20:24 < MarkDude> Trolls oaw wiki
20:39 <@meskarune> ok
20:39 <@meskarune> do people have time next weekend?
20:39 < alad> meskarune: I've been thinking of a separate channel for some time now
20:39 <@meskarune> or the weekend after?
20:39 < alad> meskarune: until now, most wiki issues were discussed in the main channel
20:40 <@meskarune> alad: I fully support the idea :)
20:40 < alad> ok then :)
20:40 < pid1> o/
20:40 < polyzen> o/
20:40 <@meskarune> then you can have a monthly wiki cleanup 
20:40 < alad> pid1: hey
20:40 <@meskarune> or a place for people to coordinate wiki edits
20:40 <@meskarune> alad: maybe you can make the channel as founder or another wiki admin :)
20:41 < alad> meskarune: sure, I'll bring it up to the team ‚Äì would be nice if all them would join
20:41 <@meskarune> yeah, totally
20:41 <@meskarune> I'd def participate
20:42 < polyzen> same
20:44 <@meskarune> and I guess I'll set an aw wiki cleanup for next sat and the sat after
20:44 <@meskarune> so 2 days to sorta work on that
20:44 <@meskarune> whomever is around to do so
20:46 <@meskarune> ok I added to the notes
20:46 <@meskarune> anything else ?
20:46 <@meskarune> :D
20:46 < MarkDude> Good meeting, so many ideas in my head now. Rock on AW \o
20:46 <@meskarune> :)
20:46 <@meskarune> thanks
20:47 <@meskarune> ok, I am goign to go ahead and end :)
20:47 < MarkDude> Wiki edits are such a good way to get new folks involved
20:47 <@meskarune> YES totally
20:47 <@meskarune> and having good docs helps the whole community
20:48 <@meskarune> if we had a cleanup monthly then the wiki would kept very nice :)
20:48 <@meskarune> ok
20:48 <@meskarune> ==== Meeting End ====
