Arch Linux Women 42nd IRC meeting - 1st November 2015, 16:00 UTC

Announcements and status updates
	* Blog posts git repository will be available soon.
		* [discuss] We use Lilac, but it is deprecated. Replace or revive it. https://archwomen.org/wiki/todo:new_blog_engine
			* Suggestions:
				* pelican (rst)
				* nikola (https://getnikola.com/listings/conf.py.html#listingsconfpy-242)
				* jekyll (mdown)
				* sphinx (rst)
				* rux (mdown) - successor to lilac
			* Add any criteria to blog engine wiki page (link above).
	* #archlinux-women sometimes has spam and/or troll problems, so the channel sometimes is set to where only people registered with freenode can speak. this is usually a temporary measure. if you can't speak, talk to a channel op. the channel ops are escondida, fsckd, jy2wong, meskarune, tigrmesh/tigr, vodik, and yar. or do !awops to get the channel bot to highlight whoever is around.
	* What we plan to work on is at https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:wiki_improvements:start

Classroom
	* escondida has expressed an interest in putting together a class on bash scripting and coreutils basics. (Unfortunately escondida can't make it to the meeting.)
		* [done] Is there interest in the class? Yes!
		* CalimeroTeknik volunteers to help escondida with the class. As will jy2wong and polyzen.
	* haloghost - C programming class cf. <https://ptpb.pw/r/KICu>. This document is still a work in progress
		* Will have multiple parts, maybe 6.
		* Anyone who wants to be help or be a co-instructor, please contact halosghost.
	* [discuss] Next meeting ask about the progress of the two classes.

Community
	* anonymiss has proposed to organize teams to distribute effort using ideas from LiquidDemocracy. The full proposal is on the mailing list. (Unfortunately anonymiss can't make it to the meeting.)
		* https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-women/2015-October/000032.html
		* and https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-women/2015-October/000034.html
		* [started] polyzen will make a consolidated list of volunteers at https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:start
		* [todo] divide Arch Women into projects which people can volunteer for
			* ignoring project groups: classroom, mentor, internship, wiki, blog, server, website, meetings, mailing list, social media (twitter, etc.), irc, organization
			* [discuss] how would subprojects work? would people volunteer for the parent projects? how would volunteers from parent projects interact with volunteers from subprojects?
	* [todo] tigrmesh will ask on twitter and on the arch women mailing list about whether anyone would prefer to use an IM client (re moving the channel to PSYC (psyced.org))

Final comments, questions, etc.

[discuss] polyzen suggests changing the file names of minutes to something shorter. GitHub is cutting off the names. Caveat: broken links.
