Arch Women 58th IRC meeting
===========================

Saturday, May 13, 2017

Announcements and status updates
--------------------------------

* The Arch Install Day we scheduled in April did not happen.

  * Not scheduling another at this time.

Topics for discussion
---------------------

Server
^^^^^^

* The server was using the grsec kernel, which is no longer available.

  * Will switch to linux-hardened some time this week.

* The website switched to Let's Encrypt.

Projects
^^^^^^^^

Classroom
"""""""""

Website https://archclassroom.github.io/ | Org https://github.com/archclassroom

* Classroom stuff is in a separate GitHub group.

* Meskarune is looking for more people to be in the group, especially editors.
  For example, to check out drafts of classes and give feedback.

* For a class there will be a repo with the syllabus and teacher notes and
  materials.  People can work and edit on that copy.

* halosghost is considering doing an intro class on Lua.

* Meskarune would like to see another Git class and PKGBUILD class.

* We're looking to have even more classes.  And new people to teach classes
  would be great.  People interested in teaching a class can contact meskarune
  or polyzen.

* Need to do more posts on the mailing lists and forums to announce classes and
  recruit teachers.

Mentorship
""""""""""

Email mentor@archwomen.org

* Add more info to the wiki and Arch Women website.

Community
^^^^^^^^^

Matrix
""""""

* Add to the list of IRC channels and the footer.

* meskarune will request PL100, enable history visibility, and change name and
  avatar.

Meetup
""""""

* Find venue (perhaps college or company) near Silicon Valley.

  * Public transit access would be ideal.
  * Any tips from locals would be appreciated.
  * Considerations: SF (Noisebridge, Double Union) or Oakland (Sudo Room)

* Set budget, raise funds, and find sponsors for food and maybe transport.

  * Taco and/or nacho bar

* Make list of people interested, and ask about their availability.

  * Reach out to Fedora Women and Linux Chix and Ubuntu Women.
