2017-05-13 16:47 <tigrmesh> =====  begin meeting  =====
2017-05-13 16:47 <tigrmesh> welcome everyone
2017-05-13 16:47 <tigrmesh> first order of business.  does anyone know what meeting number this is?
2017-05-13 16:47 <tigrmesh> did we meet in march?
2017-05-13 16:50 <meskarune> no
2017-05-13 16:50 <meskarune> but we did in april
2017-05-13 16:50 <meskarune> I think today is the 58th
2017-05-13 16:51 <tigrmesh> so april was the 57th.  ok
2017-05-13 16:51 <tigrmesh> thanks  :)
2017-05-13 16:51 <tigrmesh> =====  58th IRC Meeting  ===== 
2017-05-13 16:52 <ng0> am i still here? i don't know if psyced or freenode dropped
2017-05-13 16:52 <tigrmesh> ng
2017-05-13 16:52 <ng0> ok :)
2017-05-13 16:52 <tigrmesh> still here.  adding the meeting to the topic atm
2017-05-13 16:54 -!- tigrmesh changed topic to "Arch Linux Chix FTW: Project site is http://archwomen.org . IRC Rules: http://goo.gl/hLyINu <|||> Fifty-eighth IRC Meeting happening now. Meeting notes https://pad.riseup.net/p/aw-meeting-may-13 <|||> If you're having a problem with someone, !awops"
2017-05-13 16:54 <tigrmesh> next up: The Arch Install Day we scheduled in April did not happen.  Do we want to schedule another?
2017-05-13 16:55 <ng0> didn't you say this should happen on the meetup?
2017-05-13 16:55 <j605> what do you do in the install day?
2017-05-13 16:55 <tigrmesh> we all forgot about it
2017-05-13 16:55 <tigrmesh> so just like any other day
2017-05-13 16:56 <mohsen_> ng0: What is meetup? does it happen in reality?
2017-05-13 16:56 <j605> are you planning to do it at the meetup?
2017-05-13 16:57 <tigrmesh> let's talk about the meetup in that item
2017-05-13 16:57 <ng0> sil.valley, yep.
2017-05-13 16:57 <meskarune> mohsen_: yeah, I need to find a venue and sponsors
2017-05-13 16:58 <mohsen_> ng0: Where's it located?
2017-05-13 16:58 <meskarune> I wanted to have a meetup in california because I think quite a few of y'all live there
2017-05-13 16:58 <tigrmesh> i'm not sensing any interest in having an install day in this channel
2017-05-13 16:59 <tigrmesh> next item.  server
2017-05-13 16:59 <tigrmesh> The server has been using the grsec kernel, which is no longer available.  Will need to switch to linux-hardened
2017-05-13 16:59 <tigrmesh> meskarune: nekomancer - anything you want to add?
2017-05-13 17:00 <meskarune> sounds good to me
2017-05-13 17:00 <tigrmesh> i think some time this week has been mentioned
2017-05-13 17:01 <tigrmesh> * The website switched to let's encrypt
2017-05-13 17:01 <j605> I was looking at it earlier but the wiki is bare and the github page for it also doesn't say how to use it though. It would be great if you can just replace -grsec with -hardened
2017-05-13 17:02 <tigrmesh> linux-hardened is in [community]
2017-05-13 17:02 <tigrmesh> i would expect if we switch to it, we'll be able to gain features as they're added
2017-05-13 17:03 <tigrmesh> s/be able to/just/
2017-05-13 17:03 <tigrmesh> j605: it's nice to be an archer, isn't it?
2017-05-13 17:04 <polyzen> heheh
2017-05-13 17:11 <meskarune> lol yeah
2017-05-13 17:11 <meskarune> ok what is next?
2017-05-13 17:12 <tigrmesh> next up
2017-05-13 17:12 <tigrmesh> classroom
2017-05-13 17:13 <tigrmesh> * Classroom
2017-05-13 17:13 <meskarune> awesome
2017-05-13 17:13 <meskarune> I have classroom stuff in a github group now, I think I really want to add more people to it
2017-05-13 17:14 <tigrmesh> who were you thinking of?
2017-05-13 17:17 <meskarune> motivated arch users, maybe people who already contribute to helping people in the support chans
2017-05-13 17:17 <meskarune> I think we could use some editors
2017-05-13 17:18 <meskarune> anyone who is willing to give a second pair of eyes on things
2017-05-13 17:18 <tigrmesh> do you have a link to it?
2017-05-13 17:18 <meskarune> I think its like, archclassroom.github.io
2017-05-13 17:18 <meskarune> but I can't check because my internet is shit
2017-05-13 17:18 <tigrmesh> right
2017-05-13 17:18 <tigrmesh> and this is where irc shines
2017-05-13 17:19 <tigrmesh> where "still doing what it did in the 90s" is the most awesome
2017-05-13 17:19 <polyzen> https://archclassroom.github.io/
2017-05-13 17:19 <phrik> Title: Arch Linux Classroom (at archclassroom.github.io)
2017-05-13 17:19 <polyzen> https://github.com/archclassroom
2017-05-13 17:19 <phrik> Title: Arch Linux Classroom ¬∑ GitHub (at github.com)
2017-05-13 17:19 <tigrmesh> we had a 28k modem
2017-05-13 17:19 <tigrmesh> polyzen: thanks  :)
2017-05-13 17:21 <tigrmesh> meskarune: will the class materials for prior classes move to this repo?
2017-05-13 17:21 <meskarune> yeah
2017-05-13 17:21 <tigrmesh> is anyone here interested in being part of the arch classroom github group?
2017-05-13 17:22 <tigrmesh> polyzen, halosghost ?
2017-05-13 17:22 <meskarune> tigrmesh: totally agree. If I was using another chat instead of irc I probably couldn't connect. IRC is so low bandwidth :D
2017-05-13 17:22 <polyzen> absolutely
2017-05-13 17:23 <tigrmesh> yay
2017-05-13 17:23 <tigrmesh> meskarune: polyzen has agreed to be in the group
2017-05-13 17:23 <meskarune> oh awesome! Thanks so much
2017-05-13 17:24 <polyzen> no, thank you :)
2017-05-13 17:24 <alyptik> polyzen++
2017-05-13 17:24 <polyzen> lol
2017-05-13 17:24 <mohsen_> tigrmesh: I'd like to help, but I'm not sure if I have th proper knowledge
2017-05-13 17:25 <tigrmesh> meskarune: would you be willing to say more about what you're looking for?
2017-05-13 17:25 <meskarune> mohsen_: honestly we need people who are beginners too, to check over class materials and let us know if there are things that don't make sense or aren't clear
2017-05-13 17:25 <mohsen_> Aha
2017-05-13 17:25 <meskarune> tigrmesh: I'd like people who can check out drafts of classes and give feedback
2017-05-13 17:26 <meskarune> so newbies who can look for clarity and experienced peopel who can find things that are incorrect
2017-05-13 17:26 <meskarune> if that makes sense
2017-05-13 17:26 <meskarune> of course having people who can teach classes is great too heh
2017-05-13 17:26 <alyptik> ACTION is backreading for context
2017-05-13 17:27 <mohsen_> meskarune: Sure, I'll be in classes and try to help in anyways
2017-05-13 17:27 <meskarune> thanks :)
2017-05-13 17:28 <tigrmesh> anything else about classroom?
2017-05-13 17:29 <mohsen_> no probs
2017-05-13 17:30 <meskarune> tigrmesh: halosghost I think is considering doing an intro class on lua
2017-05-13 17:30 <meskarune> I really want to see another git class and PKGBUILD class
2017-05-13 17:31 <meskarune> those seem to get people contributing to arch linux more
2017-05-13 17:31 <alyptik> they are pretty much the largest barrier i would think
2017-05-13 17:31 <alyptik> proper use of git to manage code especially
2017-05-13 17:32 <alyptik> once i picked a bit of git up everything became way more fun
2017-05-13 17:32 <polyzen> IIRC sangy and alyptik(?) were a bit interested in teaching Git
2017-05-13 17:32 <alyptik> noooo
2017-05-13 17:32 <alyptik> i am no where near that good lols
2017-05-13 17:32 <alyptik> sangy tho
2017-05-13 17:32 <meskarune> haha
2017-05-13 17:33 <polyzen> would like to do another myself
2017-05-13 17:33 <meskarune> we have a lot of great materials for an intro git class, like ascii nemas and resource lists
2017-05-13 17:33 <j605> I am finding new things with git every time. Reading the man pages without any use case is not that helpful
2017-05-13 17:33 <meskarune> maybe alyptik can partner up ;D
2017-05-13 17:33 <alyptik> ACTION will handle refreshments
2017-05-13 17:34 <meskarune> j605: last time we did a sort of git workshop and people could do commands on the AW git server while taking the class
2017-05-13 17:34 <tigrmesh> meskarune: what should someone do if they want to teach a class?  contact you?
2017-05-13 17:34 <meskarune> yeah, or polyzen
2017-05-13 17:35 <meskarune> we can add them to the github group
2017-05-13 17:35 <polyzen> !:+!:
2017-05-13 17:35 <phrik> polyzen: Eh?
2017-05-13 17:35 <polyzen> !:+1:
2017-05-13 17:35 <phrik> üëç
2017-05-13 17:35 <meskarune> mwahahaha
2017-05-13 17:35 <j605> for checking out drafts, is it going to be in the same repo?
2017-05-13 17:36 <meskarune> yeah, for a class there will be a repo with the sylabus and teacher notes and materials
2017-05-13 17:36 <meskarune> and people can work and edit on that copy
2017-05-13 17:37 <polyzen> lol alyptik
2017-05-13 17:38 <alyptik> ACTION :D
2017-05-13 17:46 <meskarune> ok, so we got some folks in classroom, need to do more posts on teh mailing lists and forums
2017-05-13 17:46 <meskarune> and possible lua class coming up
2017-05-13 17:46 <meskarune> I think thats everything for classroom
2017-05-13 17:49 <tigrmesh> next up.  mentorship
2017-05-13 17:55 <meskarune> we have an email and we need some infos added tot eh wiki and site
2017-05-13 17:55 <meskarune> main site is in a git repo and uses markdown files
2017-05-13 17:55 <meskarune> so its easy to edit
2017-05-13 17:56 <tigrmesh> what site?
2017-05-13 17:56 <nekomancer> meskarune: you are awesome
2017-05-13 17:57 <meskarune> ‚ù§
2017-05-13 17:57 <meskarune> tigrmesh: the main site
2017-05-13 17:57 <meskarune> archwomen.org
2017-05-13 17:59 <tigrmesh> what's the mentorship email?
2017-05-13 18:02 <tigrmesh> i'm sorry.  i have to stop.  eurovision is in less than an hour, and i have to get ready for it
2017-05-13 18:02 <tigrmesh> i don't want to spend the whole program figuring out what to download so i can watch it
2017-05-13 18:02 <meskarune> mentor@archwomen.org
2017-05-13 18:03 <meskarune> oh I forgot about eurovision today heh
2017-05-13 18:03 <meskarune> I think whats left on the agenda, mentorship, meetup in rl?
2017-05-13 18:04 <tigrmesh> matrix
2017-05-13 18:04 <meskarune> yeah, I think we can just add that to the list of channels for irc and "how to connect"
2017-05-13 18:04 <meskarune> maybe the footer too
2017-05-13 18:05 <meskarune> just liek, a matrix link
2017-05-13 18:05 <meskarune> then mentorship I need to add the email and how to apply
2017-05-13 18:05 <tigrmesh> that's all i can do.  is someone willing to take over for me?
2017-05-13 18:05 <tigrmesh> leading the meeting and adding to the notes
2017-05-13 18:05 <tigrmesh> ?
2017-05-13 18:05 <meskarune> I think I can do meetup, which is hte last thing
2017-05-13 18:05 <meskarune> oh I can't access the notes though :/
2017-05-13 18:07 <Mikaela> ACTION is also waiting for Eurovision final and has to visit grocery store now even if it's in the middle of the meeting and Matrix wasn't yet talked about
2017-05-13 18:08 <polyzen> will help with the notes
2017-05-13 18:11 <meskarune> Mikaela: we are goign to add a matrix link to the site footer and irc page :)
2017-05-13 18:11 <meskarune> thanks polyzen
2017-05-13 18:12 <meskarune> so rl meetup, I think we need to find a venue. Maybe someone who lives there knows of a college or company we could do the meetup at
2017-05-13 18:12 <meskarune> ideally it would be a place with public transit access
2017-05-13 18:16 <yar> where is this meetup happening? sorry for netsplit
2017-05-13 18:16 <meskarune> howdy yar
2017-05-13 18:17 <meskarune> I was thinking around silicon valley since I think there are a group of women living aroudn there
2017-05-13 18:17 <meskarune> do you happen to be in that area?
2017-05-13 18:17 <meskarune> I wanted to find a venue and sponsors and maybe do a fund raiser for it
2017-05-13 18:17 <meskarune> so we could get people food or maybe even transportation help
2017-05-13 18:18 <meskarune> probably going to be a small thing
2017-05-13 18:18 <shmibs> ah, g'morning
2017-05-13 18:18 <shmibs> ACTION eye-rubs blearily
2017-05-13 18:18 <meskarune> morning
2017-05-13 18:18 <shmibs> oh, you're talking bout a meet-up?
2017-05-13 18:19 <meskarune> yeah
2017-05-13 18:19 <meskarune> tigrmesh: https://eurovision.tv/story/eurovision-2017-broadcast-us
2017-05-13 18:20 <phrik> Title: Eurovision returns to the United States - Eurovision Song Contest Kyiv 2017 (at eurovision.tv)
2017-05-13 18:20 <MrElendig> ACTION is not going to watch
2017-05-13 18:20 <MrElendig> no black mettal nor bearded ladies this year
2017-05-13 18:20 <meskarune> is sweden out of the running?
2017-05-13 18:20 <meskarune> haha
2017-05-13 18:20 <MrElendig> also even more political bs than usual
2017-05-13 18:20 <meskarune> the time finland sent a metal band will never be forgotten lol
2017-05-13 18:21 <meskarune> MrElendig: oh really? :(
2017-05-13 18:21 <spider-mario> this time, finland sent G√ºnther
2017-05-13 18:21 <meskarune> My friend thinks that germany will win
2017-05-13 18:23 <yar> holy shit my internet is just not working today
2017-05-13 18:23 <yar> i'm up in the east bay
2017-05-13 18:24 <spider-mario> I stand corrected, they didn‚Äôt send g√ºnther after all
2017-05-13 18:24 <yar> how about noisebridge or sudoroom?
2017-05-13 18:26 <meskarune> for venues?
2017-05-13 18:27 <yar> yes. sorry if i missed some conversation
2017-05-13 18:28 <polyzen> yar, https://pad.riseup.net/p/aw-meeting-may-13
2017-05-13 18:28 <phrik> Title: Riseup Pad (at pad.riseup.net)
2017-05-13 18:28 <meskarune> Sure, If you have the contact info I can call or email them
2017-05-13 18:28 <yar> thanks
2017-05-13 18:28 <meskarune> Unless you want to, I think you have an archwomen email
2017-05-13 18:28 <Michaela> ACTION is back
2017-05-13 18:28 <meskarune> if not I need to make one for you >.>
2017-05-13 18:29 <yar> i'm a member of sudoroom and i know a lot of noisebridge people
2017-05-13 18:29 <yar> do we have a date picked out?
2017-05-13 18:29 <yar> are SF or oakland too far from silicon valley?
2017-05-13 18:29 <meskarune> oh awesome. I am trying to make like, a small meetup with some food
2017-05-13 18:29 <yar> what are our accessibility needs
2017-05-13 18:30 <meskarune> yar: I think elky and jy2wong are in the area
2017-05-13 18:30 <meskarune> there isn't a date set atm
2017-05-13 18:30 <meskarune> I can't get down there because my life is insane atm, but maybe we should make a list of peopel interested in going? And ask about their schedules
2017-05-13 18:30 <yar> ok. i feel confident that we can make it happen at either place, so i can just make arrangements once we have a date in mind. is that ok?
2017-05-13 18:31 <meskarune> OMG yes, that would be awesome
2017-05-13 18:31 <meskarune> maybe we can talk to fedora women and linux chix and ubuntu women too and see if there are people around who'd like a small women's meetup
2017-05-13 18:32 <yar> i went to a big "women who code" meeting in the city a few years ago. there were like 50 people there
2017-05-13 18:34 <yar> noisebridge is in SF a block from 16th st BART. sudoroom is in north oakland about a 10 minute walk from macarthur BART
2017-05-13 18:35 <yar> there's also a feminist hackerspace in SF (double union) but i don't know anyone from there anymore i'm afraid
2017-05-13 18:45 <meskarune> oh awesome
2017-05-13 18:45 <meskarune> Ok, so we could do either of those, and then maybe I can get a headcount and date figured out
2017-05-13 18:46 <meskarune> and set a budget and do some fund raising
2017-05-13 18:47 <meskarune> I was thinking maybe tacos or nacho bar for food
2017-05-13 18:48 <meskarune> so if someone is around there we can give some AW money for picking up food stuffs, either from the grocery store or a local eatery
2017-05-13 18:54 <meskarune> my internet keeps going out ugh
2017-05-13 18:54 <meskarune> Is there anything else with the meetup? I can make an email on the mailing list about it, and try to get an idea of what days work for people
2017-05-13 18:55 <Michaela> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehH0_UXtQlY - 4:20
2017-05-13 18:55 <phrik> Title: Eurovision Song Contest 2017 - Grand Final - Live - YouTube (at www.youtube.com)
2017-05-13 18:59 <yar> noisebridge is right in mission taqueria ground zero
2017-05-13 19:01 <ng0> I'm away for grocery store, drop me a line when the meeting is done. you could also add me to aw organization on github so that pushing logs might be easier, if yo uwant to. this time I will keep the account.
2017-05-13 19:10 <meskarune> oh sure ng0 :)
2017-05-13 19:13 <polyzen> Michaela, meskarune, did you want to discuss matrix.org more?
2017-05-13 19:14 <Michaela> cheating to ask during the first show which is my second favourite in final
2017-05-13 19:14 <Michaela> I don't know
2017-05-13 19:14 <polyzen> heh
2017-05-13 19:14 <meskarune> Michaela: is anything special I need to do besides adding links to the site?
2017-05-13 19:15 <meskarune> Like do we need to take ownership of it somehow?
2017-05-13 19:16 <Michaela> If you want to configure the name or photo or history visibility or anything, you must ask Kegan for PL100 at #matrix-irc ( #irc:matrix.org ) and be op at freenode. PL100 is irreversible though so you must absolutely trust the people you give it as only they can step down and give up the power
2017-05-13 19:16 <Michaela> When ops syncing gets enabled, some options become configurable simply by opping the Matrix ghost (the nick Matrix user appears as under)
2017-05-13 19:17 <meskarune> Oh thanks for explaining that
2017-05-13 19:18 <meskarune> So I guess I will do that, and then my next question is, do you guys want history turned on or off?
2017-05-13 19:21 <Michaela> I think it's the safest to have it visible since the point people join as that doesn't need IRC changes and won't violate anyone's privacy
2017-05-13 19:21 <Michaela> But the name would be nice to change to something more stylish and the avatar too
2017-05-13 19:25 <meskarune> ok :)
2017-05-13 19:25 <meskarune> Maybe once it stops raining my internet will stop lagging and I'll get able to actually load websites
2017-05-13 19:25 <meskarune> lol
2017-05-13 19:26 <meskarune> aw there anythign else for the meeting?
2017-05-13 19:26 <ng0> re
2017-05-13 19:27 <polyzen> everything's been covered
2017-05-13 19:28 <meskarune> ok awesome
2017-05-13 19:29 <meskarune> ng0: oh do you have a link for your github user and also can you give me a public ssh key?
2017-05-13 19:29 <meskarune> arch women uses git servers at git@git.archwomen.org and people access them with ssh keys
2017-05-13 19:29 <ng0> ok, one moment
2017-05-13 19:29 <meskarune> thanks. It may take me a while because I have a ton of lag from the storm here
2017-05-13 19:30 <ng0> https://github.com/EmilePouget
2017-05-13 19:30 <phrik> Title: EmilePouget (ng0) ¬∑ GitHub (at github.com)
2017-05-13 19:30 <ng0> ssh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIOBsKO/O2K6Q2sQ1a6EVzQkcnI1QbWeQ14uuxn+MplGG ng0@khazad-dum-2016-04-17
2017-05-13 19:31 <ng0> for once using pipes to irc is useful :)
2017-05-13 19:31 <polyzen> heh
2017-05-13 19:32 <j605> are using that suckless client
2017-05-13 19:32 <j605> ?
2017-05-13 19:32 <meskarune> haha
2017-05-13 19:32 <ng0> github is like drinking water if you do packaging.. you can't avoid it
2017-05-13 19:32 <ng0> yeah
2017-05-13 19:32 <ng0> running in tmux + s shell
2017-05-13 19:33 <nekomancer> s shell?
2017-05-13 19:33 <meskarune> polyzen: ok I think we can end the meeting :)
2017-05-13 19:33 <meskarune> ==== Meeting Ends ====
