16:03:26 - tigrmesh: =====================   Meeting starts  ===================== 
16:03:42 - tigrmesh: fsckd, would you please repeat what you just said?
16:04:34 - fsckd: hello, for this months meeting i want to try something a little differently
16:04:40 - fsckd: month's*
16:06:09 - fsckd: normally meeting notes contain what we say and discuss. sort of a transcript summary
16:06:36 - fsckd: i want it to be structured differently. it should be easy to convert to a todo list.
16:07:53 - halosghost: ok
16:08:13 - tigrmesh: Meeting notes at   https://pad.riseup.net/p/arch-women_meeting_Nov-2015
16:08:31 - fsckd: the plan is to tag each item with: done (no further action necessary), todo (action to be taken), and discuss (needs further discussion)
16:08:49 - fsckd: this is a fuzzy idea. we'll see how it goes. :)
16:08:53 - fsckd: tigrmesh: thanks :)
16:09:04 - tigrmesh: you are welcome  :)
16:09:32 - fsckd: so, an announcement.
16:10:00 - fsckd: we'll be putting all blog posts in a git repo which will be available on GitHub
16:10:26 - fsckd: the blog uses lilac, a static blog site generator written in python
16:10:49 - halosghost: sounds fancy
16:11:00 - yuvadm: nice, never heard of lilac before
16:11:04 - fsckd: we'll have things set up so that one can just git push the blogs repo to the server and the site will be generated
16:11:18 - yuvadm: why does github say "lilac is dead"?
16:11:23 - fsckd: unfortunately lilac is deprecated. :/
16:11:33 - halosghost: D:
16:11:46 - spider-mario	maybe we can revive it
16:11:49 - yuvadm: apparently rux replaces it?
16:12:39 - yuvadm: https://github.com/hit9/rux
16:12:40 - fsckd: https://archwomen.org/wiki/todo:new_blog_engine
16:12:55 - fsckd: New Blog Engine [Arch Women Wiki]
16:13:01 - fsckd: (thank you phrik)
16:13:58 - fsckd: should we add that to discuss next meeting?
16:14:14 - fsckd: either replace or revive lilac
16:15:12 - fsckd: there isn't a rush to replace it as it works, but we should certainly start talking about it
16:16:34 - halosghost: fsckd: what language does lilac use for blog posts?
16:16:40 - halosghost: fsckd: rst, mdown?
16:16:44 - fsckd: markdown
16:18:40 - tigrmesh: meskarune picked lilac because when we moved from linode to digital ocean, we needed a blog post about it.  she wanted a static site generator, and she was in a rush
16:18:59 - fsckd: oh right, there is garlicpress
16:19:43 - fsckd: that was an attempt to make our own
16:19:52 - tigrmesh: if you have something you like better, bring it up.  we don't need anything complicated or that has a lot of theming.  meskarune created an awesome theme for us
16:20:50 - Mikaela: o/ sorry I had guests, is the meeting still on, quickly reading scrollback...
16:21:01 - Mikaela: forty-second? already went long time ago, I guess
16:21:16 - fsckd: Mikaela: we're still at the start. you're just in time. :)
16:21:23 - Mikaela: oh
16:21:37 - fsckd: so let's continue
16:22:09 - fsckd: i put marked blog engine for further discussion, likely for the next meeting
16:23:02 - fsckd: add ideas in a sublist. may be we'll talk about them at the end of today's meeting if there is time.
16:23:49 - fsckd: so i was saying, blog posts will go up on a git repo. this should happen this week.
16:24:11 - Mikaela: markdown is the most popular, I think and Jekyll isn't so difficult when you get the idea. Another popular one is what-was-that-what-Sphinx-used.
16:24:14 - tigrmesh: \o/
16:24:50 - tigrmesh: we decided against those.  i don't remember why
16:24:54 - spider-mario	Mikaela: that’s reStructuredText
16:24:59 - halosghost: Mikaela: sphinx is rst
16:25:11 - spider-mario	I used rst in class
16:25:15 - spider-mario	worked well
16:25:18 - Mikaela: I see
16:25:55 - halosghost: rst is really nice for a lot of reasons; perhaps most because it is more well-standardized and more flexible than mdown
16:25:58 - halosghost: having said that
16:26:00 - halosghost: fsckd: please continue :)
16:26:08 - fsckd: hehe, thank you :)
16:26:48 - fsckd: we'll be needing volunteers to write for the blog. we may need help converting the old b2evolution posts to lilac. this will be more apparent after the git repo. is available.
16:27:11 - yuvadm: fsckd: will happily help with blog content
16:27:32 - fsckd: yuvadm: thank you :)
16:28:09 - fsckd: we'll give people push access on the server. so you can add or edit blog posts and push to deploy.
16:30:29 - fsckd: now i am skipping over the wiki stuff today. there's been a lot of wiki activity. hellerbarde and tigrmesh are working on improving the wiki.
16:30:56 - fsckd: i don't know if hellerbarde is here today. we'll discuss it if he shows up. :)
16:31:35 - tigrmesh: i did spend some time on the wiki.  but not on the part anyone can see
16:32:56 - fsckd: i have been doing a lot, restructuring and stuff. we will touch on a little bit of it in the context of another topic to be discussed today.
16:33:08 - fsckd: one can see wiki activity here: https://archwomen.org/wiki/start?do=recent
16:33:13 - tigrmesh: we ran out of spaces on the ban list, so started keeping in an admin page on the wiki so we can re-add if we get revisits
16:33:22 - tigrmesh: sorry.  didn't mean to interrupt
16:33:45 - fsckd: no worries, feel free to interrupt :)
16:34:22 - fsckd: i brought up the wiki right now because the next item on the agenda is classroom
16:34:44 - fsckd: and i have been making some changes to the classroom wiki pages
16:35:08 - fsckd: i added a glossary https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:classroom:glossary
16:35:49 - fsckd: and we have a list of upcoming classes https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:classroom:start
16:36:31 - fsckd: there is also a list of upcoming classes on the Arch Linux wiki. those are classes which are scheduled and announced.
16:36:47 - fsckd: the list on the Arch Women wiki are classes which are being developed.
16:37:06 - fsckd: people can get a general idea of the progress.
16:37:54 - halosghost: would someone mind adding the WIP syllabus to that table on the AW?
16:38:04 - halosghost: s/\?/ wiki?/
16:38:28 - halosghost: it's this one: https://ptpb.pw/r/KICu
16:38:34 - halosghost: it's also on the riseup
16:38:55 - fsckd: sure :)
16:39:32 - fsckd: i can do it later if no one else does. or you can edit it yourself if you have an account on the wiki. :)
16:39:50 - halosghost: I don't have one
16:39:57 - halosghost: it would involve signing up and I'm lazy
16:40:00 - halosghost: :)
16:40:02 - fsckd: lol
16:40:57 - fsckd: escondida has announced her intention to teach a class on bash scripting and coreutils basics :)
16:41:01 - fsckd: https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-women/2015-October/000030.html
16:41:12 - fsckd: [arch-women] Proposal: bash scripting & coreutils basics class
16:41:26 - halosghost: fsckd: any idea if she plans to include moreutils?
16:41:33 - fsckd: no idea
16:41:34 - halosghost: or is it really focused on the bare basics?
16:41:39 - halosghost: mk
16:42:23 - CalimeroTeknik: bash? coreutils?
16:42:28 - CalimeroTeknik: count me in as an instructor
16:42:32 - fsckd: one moment. there's something related to this i forgot to open before the meeting.
16:42:32 - halosghost: heh
16:43:21 - fsckd: ahh, ok
16:43:39 - fsckd: escondida could not make it to the meeting
16:44:10 - fsckd: she has asked if there's interest in the class, i'm putting down yes :P
16:44:34 - fsckd: she asked in the ml if anyone wants to be a co-presenter
16:44:52 - fsckd: CalimeroTeknik: you are volunteering to work with escondida on the clasS?
16:45:03 - CalimeroTeknik: indeed
16:46:36 - CalimeroTeknik: I have no intention to disturb the class project of course
16:47:22 - CalimeroTeknik: since I wasn't the one to offer the class, I'll offer any help that is desired
16:47:36 - fsckd: sure, thanks. i'll let her know. :)
16:48:11 - fsckd: she also asks when the class should be run. i think that will be up to her. :P
16:48:32 - CalimeroTeknik: notably in the area of securing the code; it is somewhat hard to write shell scripts that don't break on filenames with spaces and line feeds in them
16:48:51 - CalimeroTeknik: I can help on such points
16:48:55 - spider-mario	--, "", -print0, etc.
16:49:15 - spider-mario	while IFS= read -d '' file; do …; done <(find -print0)
16:49:18 - H20: well, tigrmesh why did you actually tell me
16:49:18 - spider-mario	thanks, bash
16:49:21 - CalimeroTeknik: yeah, what I was discussing on another #arch- channel the other day
16:50:28 - CalimeroTeknik: the shell is a hard tool to use, even though it doesn't seem so
16:50:37 - tigrmesh: hello H20 - i thought you'd like to participate in the arch women monthly meeting, which is happening right now  :)
16:50:39 - CalimeroTeknik: it's just easy to write sloppy scripts!
16:50:57 - fsckd: indeed. i am guilty of writing sloppy scripts. :(
16:51:07 - spider-mario	booh!
16:51:10 - polyzen: hm, thought this started at 12 EST
16:51:13 - CalimeroTeknik: well, it may be an occation for some linting
16:51:15 - spider-mario	it’s ok, theugh
16:51:17 - spider-mario	tough*
16:51:18 - fsckd: polyzen: DST
16:51:20 - spider-mario	there will be a class
16:51:21 - spider-mario	;)
16:51:34 - fsckd: hehe :D
16:52:03 - H20: yea, sure
16:53:03 - fsckd: i'll let escondida know. or she'll find out herself when she reads the meeting logs and notes. :)
16:53:46 - jy2wong: I'd be happy to act as a rubber duck during the planning of the bash course
16:54:08 - fsckd: jy2wong: awesome. :)
16:54:12 - jy2wong: and I might have time to field side questions day-of, but no guarantees
16:54:13 - H20: :P
16:54:22 - spider-mario	I have never been to a class on IRC. what is it like?
16:55:42 - tigrmesh: it's irc.  so it's a bit chaotic.  but not too bad if you stay focussed on the conversation  :)
16:55:44 - jy2wong: something like this: https://github.com/archwomen/classroom-media/tree/master/classlogs
16:56:51 - fsckd: they are held in #archlinux-classroom
16:58:12 - fsckd: anything more regarding the bash class?
16:58:13 - spider-mario	didn’t know about that chan, thanks
16:58:22 - fsckd: you are welcome :)
16:59:44 - fsckd: next up, halosghost is preparing a class on C. he posted a draft syllabus https://ptpb.pw/rK/KICu
16:59:58 - spider-mario	404?
17:00:17 - H20: I wanna take part in C :D
17:00:20 - fsckd: https://ptpb.pw/r/KICu
17:00:23 - H20: I'd love to learn C Programming
17:00:29 - H20: :DD :DD I'd love that class
17:00:35 - H20: and BASH Would be awesome too :D
17:00:46 - fsckd: spider-mario: the correct link ^ (removed the extra k)
17:00:55 - fsckd: H20: me too!
17:00:58 - spider-mario	thanks
17:01:03 - halosghost: H20: the class will be public, and you will be welcome to join
17:01:06 - spider-mario	so, you typed the link url by hand ? :o
17:01:07 - halosghost: as will everyone else
17:01:11 - jy2wong: https://gist.github.com/jy2wong/22e621eec9d8fb553e6c I typed these up for a couple people in the channel a couple months ago
17:01:16 - fsckd: spider-mario: copied from the notes
17:01:19 - jy2wong: might be useful as a side document
17:01:25 - halosghost: jy2wong: yes!
17:01:40 - halosghost: jy2wong: that's going to be a significant resource when we write up the memory Model / Pointers class
17:01:47 - halosghost: it's been added to my local copy of the syllabus
17:01:48 - spider-mario	tbh, I disagree with the advice to apply -Werror universally
17:01:53 - spider-mario	but perhaps it’s not the right time for that
17:02:18 - jy2wong: spider-mario: I don't think it's the worst thing when you're just starting out
17:02:40 - fsckd: halosghost: how long do you expect the class to be? it looks form teh syllabus you intend to break it into parts offered on separate days?
17:02:45 - halosghost: spider-mario: we can discuss it more at-length later, but it's done with the intent that the student recognize that fixing things the compiler warns about will result in better code
17:03:07 - halosghost: fsckd: yep; at the moment, I'm suspecting it will be six full sessions of 1.5 to 2 hours
17:03:28 - halosghost: it's a pretty involved class because it's a pretty involved subject
17:03:45 - fsckd: wow
17:04:10 - fsckd: that'll be the longest to date. i will attend each one. :D
17:04:24 - halosghost: well, it involves taking people from never having written a line of C code in their life to figuring out their own project to pursue after the class ends
17:04:38 - halosghost: big goals :)
17:04:49 - fsckd: perfect :D
17:05:59 - halosghost: all comments/questions/suggestions/concerns are welcomed
17:06:08 - halosghost: feel free to ping me after the meeting is over to chat with me about it
17:09:59 - fsckd: for scheduling we can do one at a time instead of scheduling them all at once. like we'll announce part 1 and then later part 2. and keep things flexible.
17:10:09 - halosghost: definitely
17:10:16 - halosghost: also note that the Syllabus is still WIP
17:10:20 - halosghost: so it's not ready for an announcement
17:10:25 - fsckd: sure :)
17:10:26 - halosghost: (of a date)
17:10:33 - halosghost: but we're much closer, at least for the first session
17:10:40 - fsckd: awesome :)
17:10:50 - halosghost: CalimeroTeknik and jy2wong have mentioned to me they may be interested in being co-instructors
17:11:02 - halosghost: is that still the case / are there others who would be interested?
17:13:06 - jy2wong: halosghost: I have considerably less free time than I did a couple months ago; I'll do what I can but I don't want to overcommit to too many things
17:13:47 - halosghost: that's totally okay
17:13:56 - jy2wong: generating notes is pretty much a free action for me though, so if you'd like some, let me know
17:14:01 - halosghost: I can manage the thing by myself if need be; just wanted to offer folks the chance :)
17:14:12 - halosghost: jy2wong: sounds good; I'll let you know :)
17:19:20 - fsckd: anything more concerning the C class?
17:20:03 - halosghost: not from me
17:21:00 - H20: when will it start
17:21:03 - meskarune: shoot, I thought meeting was @ 12 est
17:21:07 - halosghost: H20: when it's ready
17:21:10 - halosghost: meskarune: :P
17:21:13 - fsckd: meskarune: DST :P
17:21:22 - H20: Not Found
17:21:22 - H20: The requested URL was not found on the server. If you entered the URL manually please check your spelling and try again.
17:21:23 - fsckd: meskarune: you're not the only one :P
17:21:23 - meskarune: I'm gonna be in/out
17:21:28 - H20: Where is syllabus
17:21:52 - fsckd: H20: https://ptpb.pw/r/KICu
17:21:54 - halosghost: H20: https://ptpb.pw/r/KICu
17:22:12 - H20: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Classroom#Upcoming_classes
17:22:14 - H20: empty :/
17:22:34 - fsckd: H20: it is not yet scheduled
17:22:37 - H20: clang :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
17:22:42 - fsckd: it is still in development
17:22:46 - H20: Why not GCC?
17:22:54 - halosghost: H20: -Weverything
17:22:59 - halosghost: H20: better output
17:23:02 - tigrmesh: hey meskarune ?
17:23:09 - halosghost: H20: better ISO C compatibility
17:23:28 - halosghost: H20: because it's better
17:23:35 - H20: Really?
17:23:37 - tigrmesh: meskarune, ignore the question mark.  was supposed to be a smiley
17:23:45 - halosghost: H20: yes
17:23:50 - H20: Why not prefer GCC?
17:23:57 - H20: GCC is highly compat with Clang 
17:24:01 - halosghost: H20: the last three things I wrote
17:24:14 - H20: -Weverything what does that even do?
17:24:28 - halosghost: I explain it in the syllabus
17:24:48 - H20: OK
17:25:17 - H20: well I hate clang so I would love the C class but, I won't attend it
17:25:37 - halosghost: H20: why do you hate clang?
17:25:40 - H20: when is the BASH ?
17:26:19 - CalimeroTeknik: I always love it when I type `bash foo` in my shell where 'foo' is a script
17:26:37 - fsckd: H20: the bash class has only been proposed. work to prepare it will begin soonish.
17:27:04 - H20: Well, a lot of stuff, first apple (don't care), then the University of Illinios licence (don't care too), then the not "be highly powerful as compared to GCC"
17:27:18 - fsckd: H20: in the meetings we discuss classes which are being prepared. when they are ready we announce them on the mailing lists, and post on the arch linux wiki the date.
17:27:18 - halosghost: wat
17:27:23 - H20: well, no classes atm so
17:27:33 - halosghost: H20: we'll talk about this further after the meeting
17:27:42 - H20: ok
17:28:13 - fsckd: thanks. :)
17:28:25 - fsckd: next meeting we'll discuss more on both classes and see how they've progressed. :)
17:28:36 - H20: Arch Womens have mailing lists?
17:28:43 - fsckd: H20: yeah :)
17:29:04 - fsckd: H20: https://lists.archlinux.org/listinfo/arch-women
17:29:27 - tigrmesh: and all the arch mailing lists are here  https://lists.archlinux.org/
17:29:41 - H20: ah 'k
17:29:54 - H20: I'm subscribing
17:30:13 - fsckd: :)
17:31:01 - fsckd: tigrmesh has an announcement to make (unrelated to classroom). after that we'll go on to a proposal by anonymiss.
17:31:35 - fsckd: tigrmesh: your turn. :)
17:31:37 - tigrmesh: 3 announcements
17:32:11 - tigrmesh: the first one is that #archlinux-women sometimes has spam and/or troll problems, so the channel sometimes is set to where only people registered with freenode can speak. this is usually a temporary measure. if you can't speak, talk to a channel op. the channel ops are escondida, fsckd, jy2wong, meskarune, tigrmesh/tigr, vodik, and yar. or do !awops to get the channel bot to highlight whoever is around
17:32:20 - H20: wow
17:33:12 - tigrmesh: we had a spammer that changed nicks.  sounds like not problem
17:33:37 - tigrmesh: but 20 changes in a row is a lot
17:34:59 - H20: well, next step: secure it :P
17:35:08 - tigrmesh: and if we ever get visitors who seem to be only interested in harvesting nicks, we'd probably set the channel to only registered people can join.  at least for a while
17:35:43 - tigrmesh: i don't think we should set the barriers to entry too high
17:36:08 - tigrmesh: not everyone who's interested in participating is a battle-hardened irc veteran
17:36:43 - fsckd: hehe
17:37:43 - tigrmesh: let me rephrase.  i don't think that should one of the criteria for participating in arch women
17:38:09 - tigrmesh: ok.  next
17:39:16 - tigrmesh: the next steps for the arch woment wiki improvement project are at https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:wiki_improvements:start
17:39:35 - tigrmesh: all are welcome to participate
17:40:00 - tigrmesh: and i had a 3rd one.  moment
17:42:38 - fsckd: ok :)
17:43:26 - tigrmesh: writing
17:44:38 - tigrmesh: um.  yeah.  yuvadm is willing to help with blog content.  for the rest of us, please consider writing things for the blog and also sending emails to the mailing list.  so many of us tend to be more focussed on the technology we want to use.  which is great
17:44:56 - tigrmesh: so if you
17:46:38 - polyzen: i can help if you choose nikola as the "blog engine"
17:46:50 - tigrmesh: feel like you're "not technical enough", please consider writing.  there are plenty of things of interest to women in technology that you don't need to be technically oriented in order to write about 
17:47:26 - tigrmesh: there's a reason that so many technical blogs end up with the last post being "writers needed"
17:48:06 - tigrmesh: i have a lot of links to possible posts 
17:48:11 - H20: I can help administrating the blog 
17:48:41 - H20: if you allow me (I don't think you will)
17:49:22 - tigrmesh: also, we did have someone who read the email requesting a volunteer to write.  i can't find the person now.  please come back!
17:50:13 - tigrmesh: hey polyzen .  does nikola include javascript?
17:50:40 - halosghost: it's a static site generator, so probably not
17:50:59 - polyzen: hm
17:51:03 - fsckd: tigrmesh: narag was their nick?
17:51:46 - H20: I can write technical stuff to
17:51:48 - H20: too
17:51:53 - tigrmesh: halosghost, polyzen awesome
17:52:27 - polyzen: i mean, if you disable 1st-party scripts on my landing page, the dropdown doesn't work..
17:52:39 - tigrmesh: H20, if you and yuvadm and anyone else interested can talk to me after the meeting, that would be great
17:52:44 - polyzen: the default template uses bootstrap which uses js
17:53:19 - polyzen: tigrmesh, you don't want js?
17:53:23 - tigrmesh: ok.  have to ask meskarune about whether she's ok with js
17:53:51 - meskarune: H20: there isn't really admin involved since posts are in git, but we could use a post editor
17:53:53 - polyzen: "the web doesn't work without js" :p
17:54:00 - halosghost: polyzen: ಠ_ಠ
17:54:05 - polyzen: haha
17:54:34 - meskarune: I'm ok w/ js as long as everything works without it
17:55:02 - H20: ok, that's right
17:55:05 - polyzen: this is supposed to be using (a) cdn/s. hm
17:55:11 - H20: but I can help with technical stuff
17:57:18 - tigrmesh: great  :)
17:58:03 - meskarune: H20: all server config is though files on git, if you'd like to have a look at the files on github
17:58:19 - polyzen: nikola's config can be hosted on github as well
17:58:28 - meskarune: all the web stack is there
17:58:33 - polyzen: i should through mine there soon
17:59:47 - meskarune: polyzen: we deploy changes w/ git :)
18:00:08 - meskarune: so no need to ssh
18:00:20 - polyzen: nice
18:00:48 - polyzen: there's `nikola deploy` that you can setup
18:01:50 - polyzen: you'll probably want this as well https://plugins.getnikola.com/#ping
18:02:03 - tigrmesh: ok.  any discussions of specific blog engines should happen not here
18:02:13 - H20: nah, no problem
18:02:21 - tigrmesh: maybe on that wiki page or at a separate meeting
18:02:28 - H20: I don't need to see configuration
18:03:01 - polyzen: throw*
18:03:13 - tigrmesh: H20, what you're talking about is fine.  but getting into rst vs markdown or nikola vs sphinx.  stuff like that
18:04:01 - H20: OK, but what technical writers is actually required?
18:04:03 - meskarune: we could do a flask blog or php again even
18:04:09 - H20: and also, which country you are from?
18:04:21 - polyzen: ew
18:04:29 - tigrmesh: talk to me after the meeting.  woah
18:04:35 - polyzen: meskarune, sounds like rebuilding the wheel :p
18:04:48 - tigrmesh: meskarune, polyzen, please postpone  :)
18:05:02 - meskarune: kk :)
18:05:09 - fsckd: :)
18:05:11 - tigrmesh: we need to talk about anonymiss' ideas
18:05:29 - fsckd: yup, anonymiss's ideas are next
18:05:42 - fsckd: which in themselves are quite alot
18:05:53 - tigrmesh: and very important
18:06:15 - fsckd: meskarune: i am glad you are here. you definitely want to participate in this.
18:06:17 - polyzen: anyone have a link to the email
18:06:25 - tigrmesh: https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-women/2015-October/000032.html
18:06:41 - fsckd: the thread starts there
18:06:47 - tigrmesh: and more at  https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-women/2015-October/000034.html
18:07:25 - polyzen: what's psyced.org about
18:07:49 - polyzen: ah, 2nd email
18:08:20 - fsckd: it's a messaging thing
18:08:33 - fsckd: anonymiss is not here today
18:08:58 - fsckd: i'm not familiar with any of the tech they mention in their emails.
18:10:15 - H20: OK BB
18:10:22 - fsckd: in their emails they proposed a number of changes to the organization
18:10:40 - fsckd: of aw stuff
18:13:26 - fsckd: the inspiration is LiquidDemocracy which i have heard of but never really looked into
18:15:54 - polyzen: is there a list on the wiki of people who have volunteered for specific things/projects/groups
18:16:04 - polyzen: consolidated list, i mean
18:16:54 - fsckd: hmm, no. we have a list "staff" for classroom and "mentors" for mentorship stuff
18:17:00 - fsckd: no consolidated list
18:18:08 - fsckd: iiuc, we would divide every aspect of aw into projects
18:18:44 - fsckd: and we'll have people volunteer to help with one or more project
18:19:01 - fsckd: i think we should get an idea of what tools each project would need to function
18:19:05 - tigrmesh: sounds awesome
18:19:18 - tigrmesh: polyzen, would you be willing to start one?  
18:20:00 - fsckd: this whole thing might relate to the "how to help" stuff
18:20:04 - tigrmesh: don't worry about the namespace.  if it's in the wrong one, one of us (probably fsckd) will fix it 
18:21:41 - polyzen: tigrmesh, i can do that
18:22:29 - tigrmesh: \o/
18:22:37 - tigrmesh: thank you  :)
18:23:00 - polyzen: \o/
18:24:29 - tigrmesh: so i'm still reading anonymiss' emails
18:24:35 - fsckd: (brainstorming) projects could be: classroom, mentor, internship, wiki, blog, server, website, meetings, mailing list, social media (twitter, etc.), irc, organization
18:24:57 - fsckd: i don't know how subprojects would work, so i am leaving that out.
18:26:53 - polyzen: fsckd, i suppose it would be PR>{Blog, Social Media,..}
18:27:00 - fsckd: yeah
18:28:07 - polyzen: i wonder what the parent project would be called for Classroom, Mentor, Internship :p Arch Academy
18:28:14 - fsckd: haha
18:28:16 - polyzen: ALA
18:29:29 - fsckd: how would subprojects work. would there be volunteers for the superproject? how would they interact with the subprojects?
18:31:12 - fsckd: polyzen: you are making a consolidated list of volunteers?
18:31:23 - polyzen: shortly
18:31:37 - polyzen: fsckd, giong to add it here https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:start
18:31:57 - polyzen: btw projects/wikiimprovements/ should be rm'd
18:33:54 - fsckd: you mean rm'd?
18:34:12 - tigrmesh: where would you put it?  
18:34:29 - tigrmesh: brb.  using 96% of my ram
18:34:38 - tigrmesh: exit
18:34:39 - fsckd: wow O_O
18:34:42 -  *	halosghost uses the other 4 percent of tigrmesh's ram
18:35:06 - polyzen: then you might have to rm stuff in data/{attic,meta,??}
18:35:36 - polyzen: there's nothing in it. there's also a projects/wiki-improvements/ with stuff in it
18:35:51 - fsckd: where are you finding projects/wikiimprovements/ ?
18:35:56 - polyzen: well, this https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:wiki_improvements:start
18:36:04 - polyzen: the sitemap
18:36:37 - fsckd: oh...
18:36:43 - fsckd: that page was moved...
18:37:18 - polyzen: going to have to bug anonymiss when they're back to move the stuff in their email to the wiki :p
18:37:28 - fsckd: hehe
18:37:57 - fsckd: one moment, i will try to fix site map right now. if i can't, i will try later today
18:41:37 - polyzen: fsckd, i think `rm -r data/{attic,meta,pages}/projects/wikiimprovements}` would do the trick
18:42:13 - polyzen: if you have a better way, please do tell :p
18:42:31 - fsckd: polyzen: those files don't exist
18:43:07 - polyzen: none of them? o.O
18:43:09 - fsckd: oh, the directories do
18:43:12 - polyzen: should be folders
18:43:17 - fsckd: yeah, i see them
18:43:18 - polyzen: directories* >.>
18:43:24 - polyzen: nobody saw me use the f word
18:43:34 - fsckd: haha, mum's the word ;P
18:45:25 - fsckd: polyzen: that fixed it. thanks :)
18:46:18 - polyzen: \o/
18:49:55 - tigrmesh: yay
18:50:21 - tigrmesh: sorry i had to leave.  did i miss the discussion about anonymiss' emails?
18:50:35 - polyzen: that's the current topic
18:50:45 - tigrmesh: good
18:50:46 - polyzen: that/organization
18:51:04 - fsckd: tigrmesh: for the time you were gone we were fixing a thing in sitemap
18:51:05 - polyzen: fsckd just added some notes to the riseup that we can maybe discuss now
18:51:33 - tigrmesh: ok
18:52:13 - polyzen: perhaps the parent projects could be the teams
18:53:10 - polyzen: until there are enough volunteers that this would be unmanageable
18:53:56 - polyzen: this way someone from a team can be responsible for more than one subproject?
18:54:34 - polyzen: hm
18:56:19 - polyzen: s/be responsible for/have responsibilities in/
18:58:13 - fsckd: a perosn can volunteer for multiple projects
18:58:28 - polyzen: that too
18:58:45 - fsckd: my concern with parent projects is it seems like a managerial thing and i don't want managers. :P
18:59:59 - polyzen: i'm just using "parent project" as a grouping term
19:00:17 - fsckd: ok
19:00:26 - fsckd: so they won't be actual projects?
19:01:16 - polyzen: hm
19:01:24 - polyzen: right
19:02:24 - fsckd: may be we could call them something else, like project groups?
19:02:45 - polyzen: if someone says they want to volunteer for the Academy team, we just ask which parts/projects in particular they can do
19:02:58 - fsckd: i see
19:03:10 - polyzen: hm
19:04:39 - fsckd: the main division i see in the projects are those which concern the arch community in general and those which are mainly for arch women 
19:05:26 - tigrmesh: i like the idea of project groups
19:05:27 - polyzen: General: Academy AW-specific: Maintenance & PR
19:05:37 - tigrmesh: just even as a page organization thing
19:05:52 - fsckd: polyzen: yeah
19:06:35 - polyzen: dang, someone bought archacademy.org :p
19:06:42 - fsckd: lol
19:08:02 - tigrmesh: domains are expensive.  and there are so many dead links for someone who actually moved the project elsewhere, but you don't know where because the domain is expired
19:08:51 - tigrmesh: so please.  no new domain  :)
19:09:35 - polyzen: okay :p
19:10:48 - fsckd: it is a little over three hours. should we continue these discussions next time?
19:11:06 - tigrmesh: let's at least mention one more suggestion
19:11:16 - fsckd: ok :)
19:11:30 - tigrmesh: this proposal 
19:11:30 - tigrmesh:   - PSYC channel instead of (or an addition to) freenode IRC.
19:11:55 - polyzen: never heard of psyc(ed) until today
19:12:02 - fsckd: ahh, good point, i forgot about that
19:12:23 - tigrmesh: "In my opinion from usage, there's not a huge learning curve and it has support for multicast, meaning you can use irc, xmpp, psyc clients to communicate.
19:12:23 - tigrmesh: "
19:12:34 - Mikaela: is the meeting still on?
19:12:39 - polyzen: yes
19:12:42 - tigrmesh: yes.  wrapping up
19:13:01 - Mikaela: ok
19:13:07 - tigrmesh: i just want to say that's something we should think about.  
19:13:50 - polyzen: what's the appeal? :p
19:13:51 - tigrmesh: i don't use any IM software.  but if people do, and it would make it easier for people, that would be great
19:14:02 - polyzen: ah
19:14:24 - polyzen: i wonder if enough people actually use that
19:14:29 - polyzen: as opposed to irc
19:14:32 - tigrmesh: and the anti-spam stuff sounds good.  the downside is that the other arch channels are on freenode, and it's weird to have channels on different servers
19:15:02 - polyzen: you could have a bot relaying the messages across channels
19:15:22 - polyzen: essentially merging the channels
19:15:38 - tigrmesh: true.  i suppose one thing would be to find out if there are lots of people who IM
19:15:45 - fsckd: that would remove the advantage of psyced
19:15:58 - polyzen: oh
19:16:07 - polyzen: psyced does taht for you..?
19:16:29 - tigrmesh: from our small sample of 3, one would say "no".  but small sample is small.  and doesn't include anyone who's not on irc
19:17:36 - tigrmesh: i volunteer to ask on twitter and on the mailing list if there are many people who'd prefer IM or don't come because irc is intimidating/hard to use/ odd
19:18:28 - polyzen: small sample of 3 what?
19:18:45 - tigrmesh: people.  you and i and fsckd
19:18:47 - polyzen: protocols?
19:18:50 - polyzen: ohh
19:18:58 - tigrmesh: who are here, and i know don't use IM
19:19:05 - polyzen: hehe :p
19:19:11 - tigrmesh: um.  actually, i don't know for sure about fsckd ...
19:19:20 - polyzen: i do have bitlbee, but that's mostly for twitter
19:19:46 - polyzen: and as a convenience for whenever someone catches me on facebook and tries to chat with me :p
19:19:58 - polyzen: login via bitlbee so i don't have to keep the dumb webpage open
19:20:04 - fsckd: we should list the ppros and cons of psyced
19:20:30 - polyzen: we should probably talk that over with anonymiss
19:20:35 - fsckd: yeah
19:20:45 - fsckd: they are on th ml
19:20:51 - fsckd: the*
19:21:39 - polyzen: oh
19:22:01 - fsckd: tigrmesh: do you think we should get the pros and cons from anonymiss first before asking for opinions/votes?
19:22:02 - tigrmesh: that's covered pretty well in the emails
19:22:11 - tigrmesh:  i think
19:22:23 - fsckd: ok
19:23:08 - fsckd: i think some of these things need a todo page on the wiki
19:23:09 - tigrmesh: but could be summarized to be on one email
19:23:36 - fsckd: 2-4 todo pages...
19:24:51 - polyzen: lol i think perhaps the meeting notes should have a shorter name
19:24:59 - polyzen: https://github.com/archwomen/meeting-notes
19:25:55 - fsckd: what is it now?
19:26:27 - polyzen: eg. https://github.com/archwomen/meeting-notes
19:26:29 - polyzen: herp
19:26:40 - polyzen: archlinux-women_minutes_20150802.txt
19:26:58 - polyzen: all you see in the github tree view is archlinux-women_minutes_201
19:28:10 - fsckd: oh
19:29:06 - tigrmesh: oh man.  yeah.  even in a not-huge font
19:29:54 - tigrmesh: all increasing the font size does is make you have to scroll side-to-side
19:30:07 - polyzen: lol
19:30:15 - fsckd: heh
19:30:20 - fsckd: are we done with anonymiss's proposal? there are things there we'll continue with in the next meeting.
19:31:12 - polyzen: i think we're good
19:31:29 - tigrmesh: i'm not sure how to respond about the restructuring suggestions.  i'm not an organization person
19:31:55 - tigrmesh: but i thought they should be mentioned
19:32:06 - fsckd: yeah :)
19:32:38 - fsckd: ok, that's the last item on the agenda.
19:32:41 - fsckd: any final comments, questions, or concerns?
19:33:00 - polyzen: nikola ftw
19:33:19 - halosghost: lol
19:33:28 - polyzen: :p
19:33:31 - fsckd: haha
19:36:08 - fsckd: i guess we're done. tigrmesh would you like to enter the end marker or should i?
19:36:28 - tigrmesh: meskarune, would you be willing to review the suggestions, pick whichever one you like, and then ask here and on the mailing list for feedback on it?
19:37:07 - tigrmesh: we need volunteers to 
19:37:34 - tigrmesh: prepare the meeting minutes and logs.  i can't because i had to reboot
19:37:55 - tigrmesh: anyone can say after the meeting ends, too
19:38:36 - polyzen: i can put the notes up again
19:38:37 - tigrmesh: fsckd, go for it  :)
19:38:45 - tigrmesh: cool. thanks polyzen !
19:38:46 - polyzen: just tinkering with the projects:start page
19:38:47 - fsckd: =====================   Meeting ends  =====================
