2016-10-08 17:11 <fsckd> ========== meeting.init(Oct 2016) ==========
2016-10-08 17:12 <fsckd> The meeting notes are in https://pad.riseup.net/p/aw-oct-2016.
2016-10-08 17:12 <phrik> Title: Riseup Pad (at pad.riseup.net)
2016-10-08 17:12 <fsckd> First, a couple of announcements.
2016-10-08 17:13 <fsckd> We have a manual to-do system on the wiki. We're replacing that with something we clal activities.
2016-10-08 17:14 <fsckd> The to-do system was tedious, trying to simulate a conventional issue system. Which can't be done manually. :P
2016-10-08 17:16 <fsckd> All we need is simple tracking of what is done and what still needs work. And a place to keep notes on plans, proposals, and things to accomplish.
2016-10-08 17:17 <fsckd> The wiki is a good place for keeping shared notes. The new activities stuff is documented here: https://archwomen.org/wiki/wiki:activities
2016-10-08 17:17 <phrik> Title: Activities [Arch Women Wiki] (at archwomen.org)
2016-10-08 17:18 <fsckd> (We may use one of DokuWiki's many to-do plugins for fine grained assignments. That hasn't been decided yet.)
2016-10-08 17:18 <halosghost> cool
2016-10-08 17:19 <fsckd> The next announcement is wiki administrators now have a tool for renaming pages. It also edits backlinks (albeit slowly). https://archwomen.org/wiki/aw-tech:dokuwiki#move_plugin
2016-10-08 17:19 <phrik> Title: Dokuwiki [Arch Women Wiki] (at archwomen.org)
2016-10-08 17:23 <fsckd> As announced in the August meeting, the flask site is up.
2016-10-08 17:23 <fsckd> Need to set up git automation for deployment.
2016-10-08 17:23 <fsckd> I think meskarune is going to do that.
2016-10-08 17:24 <meskarune> yeah
2016-10-08 17:24 <meskarune> I can this month sometime
2016-10-08 17:24 <meskarune> I need reminders :)
2016-10-08 17:24 <meskarune> we had a mini-meeting on how everything will get setup in -dev
2016-10-08 17:25 <fsckd> yeah, ok, i'll try to remind you :)
2016-10-08 17:25 <meskarune> and also doing some cleanup of the git repos  like combining notes and logs from meetings into one thing
2016-10-08 17:27 <fsckd> Sounds good.
2016-10-08 17:27 <fsckd> meskarune: you will also do that?
2016-10-08 17:28 <meskarune> I think I can
2016-10-08 17:28 <meskarune> I have a lot going on with the gov atm, but I think that is something quick
2016-10-08 17:28 <meskarune> I'd like to get more volunteers to help with things
2016-10-08 17:29 <fsckd> ok, i'll put it down for you and me. if you can't do it, i'll try to.
2016-10-08 17:29 <fsckd> meskarune: I don't understand the next agenda item. It merely says, "Events feed?"
2016-10-08 17:31 <Mikaela>  I interpreted it as either RSS feeds describing some events or more likely ical including events like meetings and possibly other AW or anydistro-women related events which people could throw into their digital calendars and be always aware of them
2016-10-08 17:32 <fsckd> oh, hmm, that would be nice
2016-10-08 17:33 <meskarune> we used to have an events list of meetings from us and other groups
2016-10-08 17:34 <meskarune> and things like install days or bug days or wiki cleanups
2016-10-08 17:34 <fsckd> RSS feed?
2016-10-08 17:36 <meskarune> well the php site was using an ical file
2016-10-08 17:36 <meskarune> basically its a calendar and you can make them using thunderbird or any other calendar client
2016-10-08 17:36 <meskarune> I think there is a python module for calendars
2016-10-08 17:37 <meskarune> I basically just need to get a list of events for a given time period
2016-10-08 17:37 <fsckd> Oh, so host an iCal file or display on the website?
2016-10-08 17:37 <meskarune> we already host an ical file
2016-10-08 17:37 <meskarune> on the php site we had an events list that updated using the data from the ical
2016-10-08 17:37 <Mikaela> I think common way to handle that is registering to Google Calendar and making the calendar public and embedding it somewhere where people then copy links when it's not especially avoided. At least Ubuntu, Pirate Party Finland and HeSeta (Helsinki Seta (LGBT* organization)) do that
2016-10-08 17:37 <meskarune> yeah, but we don't use any google services
2016-10-08 17:38 <fsckd> meskarune: so make an RSS feed from the iCal file?
2016-10-08 17:38 <meskarune> fsckd: no, just use python to make an html list
2016-10-08 17:38 <fsckd> oh ok
2016-10-08 17:38 <meskarune> I mean, it might be possible to code an rss feed, but I just want to stick a list on the front page
2016-10-08 17:39 <fsckd> ok, so a list of upcoming events on the front page
2016-10-08 17:40 <meskarune> yeah, and maybe a link to an ical file so people can subscribe or add to their desktop calendar
2016-10-08 17:41 <Mikaela> would you mind linking that ical file now?
2016-10-08 17:42 <meskarune> I can but it is out of date
2016-10-08 17:42 <meskarune> I used thunderbird to create it
2016-10-08 17:42 <meskarune> basically added ubuntu women meeings and linux chix and arch women meeting times
2016-10-08 17:42 <Mikaela> oh, I will wait then unless the address is going to stay as the same
2016-10-08 17:46 <meskarune> https://archwomen.org/media/archwomen.ics
2016-10-08 17:46 <meskarune> thats the old file
2016-10-08 17:47 <meskarune> previously I just manually exported it from a desktop calendar app
2016-10-08 17:47 <fsckd> meskarune: i want the meeting notes to be actionable. so i am marking these as TODO but i know you are busy so i am not assigning them to you. will try to find an activity to add them too. either an activity for specifically them or something more generic. i'll get back to you on that. though if you have an idea where to put them, let me know.
2016-10-08 17:47 <meskarune> and then parsed with php
2016-10-08 17:47 <Mikaela> will the new file appear at same location?
2016-10-08 17:49 <meskarune> I have no idea
2016-10-08 17:49 <meskarune> but its possible. It will either be there or in /static
2016-10-08 17:49 <Mikaela> I hope it will so if I add that now, calendar will update it and people already subscribing it will get the updates
2016-10-08 17:49 <meskarune> but it depends on how the flask stuff is made
2016-10-08 17:50 <meskarune> Mikaela: yeah, I mean, thats why I want to use calendar files, so other people can add to their own calendars
2016-10-08 17:50 <meskarune> but in any case when the events feed is created, it will have a link to the calendar file for people
2016-10-08 17:54 <fsckd> cool
2016-10-08 17:54 <fsckd> Next on the agenda is classroom. :)
2016-10-08 17:55 <fsckd> A lot of meeting items today are for meskarune. :P
2016-10-08 17:55 <fsckd> So there is a new PKGBUILD class being drafted.
2016-10-08 17:55 <fsckd> https://pad.riseup.net/p/al-pkgbuild-class
2016-10-08 17:55 <phrik> Title: Riseup Pad (at pad.riseup.net)
2016-10-08 17:56 <fsckd> Those are the notes. Please take a look and note your suggestions or comments.
2016-10-08 17:59 <meskarune> yeah, we had a meeting a little while ago and got those togther
2016-10-08 17:59 <meskarune> they need editing and suggestions
2016-10-08 17:59 <meskarune> the class is an intro to PKGBUILDs
2016-10-08 18:00 <alad> I made a meaningful contribution to the draft!
2016-10-08 18:00 <alad> ACTION added "emacs"
2016-10-08 18:00 <fsckd> \o/
2016-10-08 18:02 <fsckd> There's also been a proposal for a bash/zsh prompt class. We need someone to help coordinate that. meskarune does not have the time, and sadly neither do I.
2016-10-08 18:02 <alad> how do you mean, "prompt class" ?
2016-10-08 18:02 <fsckd> meskarune: did someone volunteer to teach a bash/zsh prompt class?
2016-10-08 18:03 <ng0> I think automatic trusting an openpg key defeats the purpose of trust..
2016-10-08 18:03 <alad> ng0: at the least they should use a long ID from upstream
2016-10-08 18:03 <ng0> that's what the class suggest atm
2016-10-08 18:03 <fsckd> it does?
2016-10-08 18:03 <fsckd> ACTION looks
2016-10-08 18:03 <alad> oh yeah, it might link to that kernel bug on long vs. short ids
2016-10-08 18:04 <ng0> you might suggest using the new tofu model of gnupg
2016-10-08 18:04 <ng0> I never trust keys of developers I just use t overify software packages from
2016-10-08 18:06 <ng0> wait. i'm out of the loop of archlinux for years. what I said refers to manual verification of files.. and the section reads like that
2016-10-08 18:06 <ng0> I would add something, but I don't know 2016 archlinux
2016-10-08 18:07 <ng0> I know ~2005ish archlinux
2016-10-08 18:07 <meskarune> fsckd: yes, I have been emailing them, but I need someone else to keep up with it because I keep replying slowly
2016-10-08 18:08 <fsckd> ok
2016-10-08 18:08 <fsckd> what help do they need?
2016-10-08 18:08 <meskarune> alad: a class on customizing the prompt
2016-10-08 18:08 <meskarune> fsckd: mostly answering questions and help with the class notes
2016-10-08 18:08 <fsckd> ahh
2016-10-08 18:10 <alad> oh, that sounds nice
2016-10-08 18:10 <alad> meskarune: I have 0 clue on that stuff ._.
2016-10-08 18:10 <meskarune> heh
2016-10-08 18:11 <meskarune> polyzen, CalimeroTeknik, halosghost and jy2wong have all taught classes previously
2016-10-08 18:11 <meskarune> and who else?
2016-10-08 18:11 <fsckd> you :P
2016-10-08 18:11 <ng0> damn clipboard 
2016-10-08 18:11 <fsckd> ng0: PKGBUILDs used to verify source files using only checksums. now they can verify using GPG too. so now, checksums for verifying no error in transmission and gpg signatures for countering malicious MITM. something like that. the user building the package would have to import the key for it verify. the PKGBUILD only has the key ID to use.
2016-10-08 18:12 <fsckd> and a url to the signature
2016-10-08 18:13 <fsckd> example is int he PKGBUILD of cower
2016-10-08 18:13 <fsckd> in the*
2016-10-08 18:13 <meskarune> you should add that stuff to the class notes
2016-10-08 18:13 <meskarune> ;D
2016-10-08 18:14 <meskarune> but anways, I need to find someone to help with class coordination and specifically to talk with the person who wants to teach a prompt customization class
2016-10-08 18:14 <ng0> so what I added is without knowing how pkgbuilds 2016 work.
2016-10-08 18:14 <meskarune> and we have the notes for the PKGBUILD class, should be set another meeting for that?
2016-10-08 18:15 <fsckd> may be run the notes by Allan
2016-10-08 18:15 <CalimeroTeknik> also about keys and PKGBUILDs, the validpgpkeys=() array doesn't suffice for me, it still fails so I just --skippgpcheck
2016-10-08 18:16 <alad> please lets not have any mention of flags like that - teach people to fix issues rather than sweep them under rug
2016-10-08 18:18 <ntfx> think all flags should be mentioned no?
2016-10-08 18:18 <ng0> all flags can be found in the man pages I assume.
2016-10-08 18:18 <ntfx> think if i followed the a-z of linux admin procedures id have chucked towel in years ago
2016-10-08 18:19 <ng0> or whereever arch keeps the documentation for pkgbuild.
2016-10-08 18:19 <fsckd> man page and wiki :P
2016-10-08 18:19 <fsckd> man PKGBUILD
2016-10-08 18:19 <fsckd> and man makepkg
2016-10-08 18:20 <fsckd> but --skippgpcheck for the user building the package, not for the person making the PKGBUILD
2016-10-08 18:20 <fsckd> so is sort of out of scope for the class
2016-10-08 18:28 <alad> that too
2016-10-08 18:28 <fsckd> Anything more on either of the two classes or anything related to classroom?
2016-10-08 18:31 <alad> with the draft now having a tribute to St. Ignucius, there's no complaints from me
2016-10-08 18:32 <fsckd> lmao
2016-10-08 18:35 <fsckd> Okay, moving on.
2016-10-08 18:36 <fsckd> Slowly working on styles and conventions for the Arch Women Wiki. https://archwomen.org/wiki/wiki:conventions
2016-10-08 18:36 <phrik> Title: Conventions for Wiki Structure and Content [Arch Women Wiki] (at archwomen.org)
2016-10-08 18:37 <fsckd> So I have a question. What should be the rules for capitalization of page titles and headers?
2016-10-08 18:37 <fsckd> Can have something like book titles where more of the words are capitalized.
2016-10-08 18:38 <fsckd> Or can have sentence capitalization where only the first word and words that are normally cpaitalized. e.g., like on the Arch Linux Wiki.
2016-10-08 18:39 <fsckd> (Can also have separate rules for page titles and headers like what wikipedia does.)
2016-10-08 18:39 <fsckd> Any suggestions?
2016-10-08 18:39 <alad> whatever you do don't make it complicated
2016-10-08 18:39 <alad> I'd just use regular sentence case where possible
2016-10-08 18:43 <fsckd> Yeah, I'm leaning towards sentence case too, not sure if it is because i'm so used to it form everywhere else. :P
2016-10-08 18:48 <meskarune> yeah, we can just do what the arch wiki does
2016-10-08 18:48 <meskarune> and make it easy on ourselves
2016-10-08 18:49 <fsckd> ok
2016-10-08 18:49 <fsckd> so sentence case
2016-10-08 18:49 <fsckd> for both page titles and section headers?
2016-10-08 18:49 <meskarune> yeah, seems fine to me
2016-10-08 18:50 <fsckd> ok
2016-10-08 18:51 <fsckd> The next item on the agenda was going to be to start a page on styles but as I mentioned, that already happened. https://archwomen.org/wiki/wiki:conventions
2016-10-08 18:51 <phrik> Title: Conventions for Wiki Structure and Content [Arch Women Wiki] (at archwomen.org)
2016-10-08 18:52 <fsckd> That brings to the last items of the meeting.
2016-10-08 18:53 <fsckd> For mentorship, make an email address mentor@archwomen.org.  I think meskarune can do that? Also, what will the email be used for?
2016-10-08 18:53 <meskarune> for people to contact us about getting a mentor
2016-10-08 18:54 <fsckd> Ok, who has access to it?
2016-10-08 19:02 <fsckd> Ok, may be can discuss that at a later date. The important thing is to note that an email for contact is to be made.
2016-10-08 19:02 <fsckd> Next is creating a signup page for mentors and mentees.
2016-10-08 19:03 <alad> I probably lost my account again <.<
2016-10-08 19:03 <fsckd> I think meskarune will need help for that, considering limits on time.
2016-10-08 19:04 <fsckd> If anyone would like to volunteer, please contact her.
2016-10-08 19:05 <fsckd> We'll need to decide what information we'll get from potential mentors and mentees. I was to post an email about that. I've been a little distracted. I have a draft which I'll work on. I'll try to get it out this next week.
2016-10-08 19:05 <fsckd> May be start an activity page for it.
2016-10-08 19:06 <ng0> did I miss the ending? else I'll just keep this laptop running and use the other for the thing I have to do now
2016-10-08 19:06 <fsckd> Almost over.
2016-10-08 19:07 <fsckd> That was the last item on the meeting agenda.
2016-10-08 19:07 <fsckd> Now any final comments, concerns, questions?
2016-10-08 19:07 <alad> Allan broke it.
2016-10-08 19:07 <alad> otherwise, none
2016-10-08 19:07 <fsckd> lol
2016-10-08 19:08 <ng0> s/allan/alad :P
2016-10-08 19:09 <alad> !aurutils
2016-10-08 19:09 <phrik> Alad broke it
2016-10-08 19:09 <fsckd> Ok, I guess that's it.
2016-10-08 19:10 <fsckd> ========== meeting.close() ==========
