Arch Linux Women 36th IRC Meeting, March 1st

We need help!
	* Meetings.
		* Need people to run meetings and help with making notes and logs.
		* Urls:
			* https://archwomen.org/wiki/meetings:how_meetings_are_run
			* https://archwomen.org/wiki/meetings:after_meeting_checklist
		* Volunteers:
			* HalosGhost is willing to run monthly meetings.
			* jy2wong and alad are willing to draft notes and logs.
				* alad will be doing to the notes/logs today.
	* Projects.
		* Need leadership.
		* HalosGhost volunteered to help with classroom.
		* Mentorship?

Mentorship
	* Scope of topics.
		* Arch-specific topics (packaging, documentation, etc)
		* Scope defined by a smaller group of volounteers (+public announce)
			* tigrmesh will lead this group
			* report back at next meeting
	* Define what kind of commitment being a mentor/mentee entails 
	* Maintaing privacy of mentors and mentees.
		* current list (https://archwomen.org/wiki/projects:mentorship:offers) offers no privacy to members
		* dokuwiki ACLs: mentor group can see names, others can only see topics
			* should remain accessible to those unfamiliar to IRC
		* refer discussion to small group

Classroom
	* Proposed classes.
		* hh4a - Awk class
			* Contact hh4a during the month and ask him if he needs help or anything.
		* HalosGhost - Intro. to static typing.
			* planned duration: ~1h30
		* jy2wong - file compression survey (decide on audience?).
			* accessible: similar to kernel talk
			* size vs. speed tradeoffs
	* Question of whether to use a different technology than IRC, so that the class can be streamed and recorded?
		* concerns about visually or hearing impaired individuals
		* further discussion in small group
	* Build classes as teams.
	* Lightning talks.
